[Setting: Nightclub]

JERRY: I'm always in traffic with the lane expert. You know this type of person? Constantly reevaluating their lane choice.. Never quite sure, "Is this the best lane for

me? For my life?" They're always a little bit ahead of you, "Can I get in over there? Could I get in over here? Could I get in there?" "Yeah, come on over here, pal.

We're zoomin' over here. This is the secret lane, nobody knows about it.." The ultimate, I think the ultimate psychological test of traffic is the total dead stop. Not

even rolling. And you look out the window, you can see gum clearly. So we know that in the future traffic will get even worse than that. I mean, what will happen?

Will it start moving backwords, I wonder? I mean, is that possible? That someday we'll be going "Boy, this is some really bad traffic now, boy. This, is really bad.

I'm gonna try to get off and get back on going the other way."

[Setting: Jerry's car]

GEORGE: She can't kill me right?!

JERRY: No, of course not.

GEORGE: People break up all the time.

JERRY: Everyday.

GEORGE: It just didn't work out. What can I do? I wanted to love her. I tried to love her. I couldn't.

JERRY: You tried.

GEORGE: I kept looking at her face. I'd go: "C'mon, love her. Love her!"

JERRY: Did you tell her you loved her?

GEORGE: Oh, I had no choice. She squeezed it out of me! She'd tell me she loved me. Alright, at first, I just look at her. I'd go "Oh, really?" or "Boy, that's, that's

something." But, eventually you have to come back with "Well, I love you." You know, you can only hold out for so long!"

JERRY: You're a human being.

GEORGE: And I didn't even ask her out. She asked me out first. She called me up. What was I supposed to do? Say no? I can't do that to someone.

JERRY: You're too nice a guy.

GEORGE: I am. I'm a nice guy.. (realizing) And she seduced me! We were in my apartment, I'm sitting on the couch, she's on the chair - I get up to go to the

bathroom, I come back, she's on the couch. What am I supposed to do? Not do anything? I couldn't do that. I would've insulted her.

JERRY: You're flesh and blood.

GEORGE: I had nothing to do wtih any of this! I met all her friends, I didn't want to meet them. I kept trying to avoid it. I knew it would only get me in deeper. But

they were everywhere! They kept popping up, all over the place. "This is Nancy, this is Susan, this is Amy.. This is my cousin.. this is my brother.. thisis my father."

It's like I'm in quicksand.

JERRY: I told you when I met her..

GEORGE: My back is killing me.

JERRY: You gotta go to my chiropractor, he's the best.

GEORGE: Oh yeah, everybody's guy is the best.

JERRY: I'm gonna make an appointment for you. We'll go together.

GEORGE: Please. They don't do anything.. Look, do I have to break up with her in person? CAn't I do it over the phone? I have no stomach for these things.

JERRY: You should just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion! Right off!

(Car door opens, it's Elaine)

ELAINE: Hi.

JERRY: Hi.

(George pulls his seat forward to allow Elaine into the back seats)

ELAINE: Hey, what are you doing?

GEORGE: I'm letting you in.

ELAINE: Oh no. No. I don't want to sit in the back. I'll be left out of the conversation.

GEORGE: No, you won't.

ELAINE: Yes, I will, George. I'll have to sick my chin on top of the seat.

GEORGE: Okay..

(George gets out, and gestures for Elaine to sit in the seat)

ELAINE: Why can't you sit in the middle?

GEORGE: Please, it doesn't look good. Boy, boy, girl.

ELAINE: I think you're afraid to sit next to a man. You're a little homophobic, aren't you?

GEORGE: Is it that obvious?

(Elaine sits in the middle)

ELAINE: Hello, Jerry.

JERRY: Hello.

ELAINE: Did you get a haircut?

JERRY: No, shower. So, where are we eating?

ELAINE: Tell me if you think this is strange: There's this guy who lives in my building, who I was introduced to a couple of years ago by a friend. He's a teacher, or

something. Anyway, after we met, whenever we'd run into each other on the street, or in the lobby, or whatever, we would stop and we would chat a little.. Nothing

much. Little pleasantries. He was a nice guy, he's got a family.. then after a while, I noticed there was not more stopping. Just saying hello and continuing on our way.

And then the verbal hellos stopped, and we just went into these little sort of nods of recognition. So, fine. I figure, that's where this relationship is finally gonna settle:

polite nodding. Then one day, he doesn't nod. Like I don't exist?! He went from nods to nothing.

GEORGE: (imitating Tony Bennett) "You know, I'd go from nods to nothing.."

ELAINE: And now, there's this intense animosity whenever we passs. I mean, it's like we really hate each other. It's based on nothing.

JERRY: A relationship is an organism. You created this thing and then you starved it so it turned against you. Same thing happened to The Blob.

GEORGE: I think you absolutely have to say something to this guy. Confront him.

ELAINE: Really?

GEORGE: Yes.

ELAINE: You would do that?

GEORGE: If I was a different person.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment; Jerry's on the phone]

JERRY: Hello.. hello. Is Glenn there? I'm sorry. Is this 805-555-3234?.. Yes, I know I have the wrong number. But I just want to know if I dialed wrong or if..

(Other guy hangs up on Jerry; he redials; enter Kramer)

(The buzzer buzzes; Kramer answers it)

KRAMER: Come on up.

JERRY: (Into phone) Oh, it's you again. See? Now if you had answered me, I wouldn't have had to do this. Now that's too long distance calls I made to you why

can't you.. (guy hangs up on Jerry again). (To Kramer) Why? Why do they just hang up like that?! Thank you very much.

(Kramer holds up cantaloupe)

KRAMER: Taste this.

JERRY: No, I just had a sandwich.

KRAMER: No, taste it. Taste it.

JERRY: I don't want cantaloupe now.

KRAMER: You've never had cantaloupe like this before.

JERRY: I only eat cantaloupe at certain times.

KRAMER: Jerry. This is great cantaloupe.

JERRY: Alright.. (tastes it)

KRAMER: Ah, huh. It's good?

JERRY: It's very good.

KRAMER: Good, huh?

JERRY: Good.

KRAMER: I got it at Joe's.

JERRY: Uh-Huh.

KRAMER: Forty-nine cents a pound. That's practically half than what you're paying at the supermarket. I don't know why you don't go to Joe's.

JERRY: It's too far.

KRAMER: It's three blocks further. You can use my shopping cart..

JERRY: I'm not pulling a shopping cart. What am I suppose to wear? A kerchief? Put stockings on and roll 'em down below my knee?

KRAMER: See, the other thing is, if you don't like anything, he takes it right back.

JERRY: I don't return fruit. Fruit is a gamble. I know that going in.

(Enter George; he's extremely excited - he's dancing around the room, singing the Zorba theme)

GEORGE: I'm outta there. I did it! It's over.

JERRY: You did it? What happened?

GEORGE: I told her. In the kitchen - which was risky 'cause it's near all the knives. I started with the word "Listen."

JERRY: Ah ha.

GEORGE: I said, "Listen Marlene," and then the next thing I know, I'm in the middle of it. And there's this voice inside of me going: "You're doing it! You're doing

it!" And then she started to cry, and I weakened a bit. I almost relented, but the voice, Jerry. The voice said "Keep going, keep going. You're almost out!" It's like I

was making a prison break, you know. And I'm heading for the wall, and I trip and I twist my ankle, and they throw the light on you, you know. So, somehow I get

though the crying and I keep running. Then the cursing started. She's firing at me from the guard tower: "Son of a bang! Son of a boom!" I get to the top of the wall -

the front door. I opened it up, I'm one foot away, I took one last look around the penitentiary, and I jumped!

JERRY: See, it's never as bad as you imagine.

KRAMER: I liked Marlene. What's her number?

GEORGE: No, I, I don't think so.

(Kramer stants making noises while eating)

JERRY: Could you stop that smacking?

KRAMER: George, I want you to taste this cantaloupe.

GEORGE: Oh no, thank you.

KRAMER: It's the best cantaloupe I ever had.

GEORGE: No, really. No, no, thanks.

KRAMER: Jerry, tell him how good this cantaloupe is.

JERRY: It's very good cantaloupe. (changing subject) So that's it? You're out?

GEORGE: Except for one small problem. I left some books in her apartment.

JERRY: So, go get them.

GEORGE: Oh, no. No, I can't go back there. Jerry, it's so awkward and, you know, it could be dangerous - sexually. Something could happen, I'd be right back

where I started.

JERRY: So forget about the books. Did you read them?

GEORGE: Well, yeah.

JERRY: What do you need them for?

GEORGE: I don't know. They're books.

JERRY: What is this obsession people have with books? They put them in their houses - like they're trophies. What do you need it for after you read it?

GEORGE: They're MY books.

JERRY: So you want me to get those books? Is that it?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee Shop]

(Jerry and Marlene are sitting, a pile of books are on the table.)

MARLENE: ..So, it must've been ninety-five degrees that night, and everyone's just standing around the pool with little drinks in their hands. I was wearing my old

jeans and T-shirt. And I don't know, I was just in one of those moods - so I said to myself, "Marlene, just do it," and I jumped in. And as I'm getting out, I feel all

these eyes on me, and I look up and everyone is just staring at me.

JERRY: So what'd you do?

MARLENE: Well, nothing. It's not skin off my hide if people like to look. I just didn't see what the big attraction was.

JERRY: Well, I have a general idea what it was. I could take a guess.

MARLENE: (Laughs) Hey, you know, Jerry, just because George and I don't see each other anymore, it doesn't mean we shouldn't stay friends.

JERRY: No.

MARLENE: Good enough. I'm really glad we got that settled.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Chiropractor waiting room]

JERRY: (Irritated) I don't know how this happened.

GEORGE: Jerry, it's not my fault.

JERRY: No, no. It's not your fault. Books, books, I need my books. Have you re-read those books yet, by the way? You know the great thing? When you read

Moby Dick the second time, Ahab and the whale become good friends. You know, it's not like Marlene's a bad person or anything, but, my God! I mean, we've

had like three lunches and a movie. And she never stops calling. (George nods - he knows exactly what Jerry's talking about) And it's these meaningless,

purposeless, blather calls. She never asks if I'm busy or anything. I just pick up the phone and she's in the middle of a sentence.

GEORGE: That's standard. Has she left you one of those messages where she uses up the whole machine?

JERRY: Ohh.. you know, and sometimes she'll go, "Hello, Jerry?" and I'll go "Oh, hi Marlene." And then it's "Jerry.."

GEORGE: What about getting off the phone?

JERRY: Ohhhh.. you can't. It's impossible. There's no break in the conversation where you can go, "Alright, then.. " You know, it just goes on and on and on with

out a break in the wall. I mean, I gotta put a stop to this.

GEORGE: Just do it like a Band-Aid. One motion, right off! She is sexy though. Don't you think?

JERRY: Yeah. Yes, she is.

(Receptionist enters)

RECEPTIONIST: Mr. Costanza?

GEORGE: Yeah.

RECEPTIONIST: The doctor'll see you now.

GEORGE: (To Jerry, sarcastically) Yeah, doctor. I'm going to have to wait in that little room by myself, aren't I? (Picks up a crossword puzzle) I better take this. I

hate the little room. "Oh, hello, Doctor."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: Waiting room. I hate when they make you wait in the room. 'Cause it says "Waiting room." There's no chance of not waiting, 'cause they call it the waiting

room, they're going to use it. They've got it. It's all set up for you to wait. And you sit there, you know, and you've got your little magazine. You pretend you're

reading it, but you're really looking at the other people. You know, you're thinking about about them things like "I wonder what he's got. As soon as she goes, I'm

getting her magazine." And then, they finally call you and it's a very exciting moment. They finally call you, and you stand up and you kinda look around at the other

people in the room. "Well, I guess I've been chosen. I'll see you all later." You know, so you think you're going to see the doctor, but you're not, are you? No.

You're going into the next waiting room. The littler waiting room. But if they are, you know, doing some sort of medical thing to you, you want to be in the smallest

room that they have, I think. You don't wnat to be in the largest room that they have. You know what I mean? You ever see these operating theaters, that they have,

with like, stadium seating? You don't want them doing antying to you that makes other doctors go, "I have to see this!" "Are you kidding? Are they really gonna do

that to him?" "Are there seats? Can we get in?" Do they scalp tickets to these things? "I got two for the Winslow tumor, I got two.."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Waiting room]

(George returns)

JERRY: So, how was it?

GEORGE: I was in there for two minutes. He didn't do anything. (Imitating doctor) Touch this, feel that. Seventy-five bucks.

JERRY: Well, it's a first visit.

GEORGE: What's seventy-five bucks? What, am I seeing Sinatra in there?! Amd I being entertained? I don't understand this. I'm only paying half.

JERRY: You can't do that.

GEORGE: Why not?

JERRY: He's a doctor. You gotta pay what he says.

GEORGE: Oh, no, no, no. I pay what I say.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's car]

MARLENE: Are you feeling weird?

JERRY: No, I'm fine.

MARLENE: Nothing really happened.

JERRY: Yeah, I know.

MARLENE: We just kissed a little. People kiss.

JERRY: Yeah.

MARLENE: Well.. night.

(Leans over and kisses Jerry)

JERRY: Good night.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Kramer enters with a golf club)

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: I got it! This time, I got it!

JERRY: Alright.

KRAMER: Hips! See, it's all hips.

JERRY: Uh-huh.

KRAMER: You gotta come through with the hips first. (Demonstrates)

JERRY: That is out there.

(Kramer notices Jerry's eating cantaloupe, his eyes light up)

KRAMER: Joe's?

JERRY: No, supermarket.

KRAMER: Well, is it good?

JERRY: It's okay.

KRAMER: Let me taste it. (Takes a bite, spits it out) See, that stinks. You can't eat that. You should take it back.

JERRY: I'm not taking it back.

KRAMER: Alright, I'll take it back. I'm going by there.

JERRY: I don't care about it.

KRAMER: Jerry, you should care. Cantaloupe like this should be taken out of circulation.

JERRY: Alright. Take it back.

(Phone rings, Jerry is reluctant to answer it)

JERRY: (On his answering machine) Leave a message, I'll call you back.

MARLENE: (Leaving a message) Jerry, have you ever taken a bath in the dark? If I'm not talking into the soap right now, call me back.

KRAMER: Well?

JERRY: Marlene

KRAMER: (Smiles) Oh. Oh, Marlene.

JERRY: Yeah, I took her home one night - we kinda started up a little bit in the car.

KRAMER: I thought you were trying to get rid of her?

JERRY: I was. She's got me, like, hypnotized.

KRAMER: Does George know?

JERRY: No, he'd go nuts.

KRAMER: Yeah, no kidding.

JERRY: I feel terrible. (Kramer smiles) I mean, I've seen her a couple of times since then, and I know I can't go any further, but.. I've just got this like,

psycho-sexual hold over me. I just want her, I can't breathe. It's like a drug.

KRAMER: Woah, psycho-sexual.

JERRY: I don't know how I'm going to tell him.

KRAMER: Man, I don't understand people. I mean, why would George want to deprive you of pleasure? Is it just me?

JERRY: It's partially you, yeah.

KRAMER: You're his friend. Better that she should sleep with someone else. Some jerk that he doesn't even know.

JERRY: Well, he can't kill me, right?

KRAMER: You're a human being.

JERRY: I mean, she called me. I haven't called her. She started it.

KRAMER: You're flesh and blood.

JERRY: I'm a nice guy.

(Enter Elaine, she's holding a lamp)

ELAINE: Hi. (Hands Jerry the lamp)

JERRY: Oh, my little airplane lamp.

ELAINE: You know, you have the slowest elevator in the entire city? That's hard to get used to when you're in so many other fast ones.

JERRY: Well, the apartment elevators are always slower than the offices, because you don't have to be home on time.

ELAINE: Unless you're married to a dictator..

JERRY: Yeah.. because they would be very demanding people.

ELAINE: Right. Exactly. So I imagine at some point, somebody's going to offer me some cantaloupe.

KRAMER: Nope. No good.

JERRY: Well, you know what they say: Luck in love, Unlucky with fruit.

KRAMER: Well, I'm taking this back. (Leaves)

ELAINE: So, I had what you might call a little encounter this morning.

JERRY: Really? That guy who stopped saying hello?

ELAINE: Yep.

JERRY: You talked to him?

ELAINE: Yep. I spotted him getting his mail. And at first, I was just going to walk on by, but then I thought "no, no, no, no. Do not be afraid of this man."

JERRY: Right.

ELAINE: So, I walked up behind him and I tapped him on the shoulder. And I said, "Hi, remember me?" And he furrows his brow as if he's really trying to figure it

out. So I said to him, I said, "You little phony. You know exactly who I am."

JERRY: "You little phony"?

ELAINE: I did. I most certainly did. And he said, he goes, "Oh, yeah. You're Jeanette's friend. We did meet once." And I said, "Well, how do you go from that to

totally ignoring a person when they walk by?"

JERRY: Amazing.

ELAINE: And he says, he says, "Look, I just didn't want to say hello anymore, alright?" And I said, "Fine. Fine I didn't want to say hello anymore either, but I

wanted you to know that I'm aware of it."

(Elaine tastes some cantaloupe)

JERRY: You are the Queen of Confrontation. You're my new hero. In fact, you've inspired me. I'm gonna call George about something right now.

ELAINE: This cantaloupe stinks. (Spits it out)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee Shop]

GEORGE: I don't care.

JERRY: You're kidding.

GEORGE: No, I don't care.

JERRY: You mean that?

GEORGE: Absolutely.

JERRY: You don't care?

GEORGE: No.

JERRY: How could you not care?

GEORGE: I don't know. But I don't. I'm actually almost happy to hear it.

JERRY: I thought you'd be upset.

GEORGE: I guess I should be but I'm not.

JERRY: Am I a bad person? Did I do something terrible?

GEORGE: No, you're a fine person. You're a humanitarian. She's very sexy.

JERRY: That voice. That voice. She's driving me crazy.

GEORGE: I know, I know.

JERRY: So I can see her tonight, and you don't care?

GEORGE: See her tonight. See her tomarrow. Go. Knock yourself out. She's too crazy for me.

JERRY: Alright. As long as you're okay. Because I can't stop thinking about her.

GEORGE: I'm okay. I'm fine. I'm wonderful. I never felt better in my whole life.

JERRY: Good. And I'll tell you what.. You don't have to pay me back the thirty-five I gave to the chiropractor for the rest of your bill.

GEORGE: (Angry) You paid that crook?!

JERRY: I had to.

GEORGE: He didn't do anything, Jerry. It's a scam! Who told you to do that?

JERRY: It was embarrassing to me.

GEORGE: I was trying to make a point.

JERRY: Why don't you make a point with your own doctor? (George gulps) What's wrong?

GEORGE: (Gasping) I think I swallowed a fly! ..I swallowed a fly! What do I do? What can happen?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's car]

JERRY: ..So, you want to come up for a few minutes?

MARLENE: ..I'm sorry, Jerry. I just don't think this is going to work.

JERRY: Really? I thought..

MARLENE: I know, I'm sorry.

JERRY: I guess I just didn't expect it from the way you've been acting.

MARLENE: You sure you want to talk about this? 'Cause I sure don't.

JERRY: Of course I want to talk about it.

MARLENE: Well, okay. I guess things changed for me on Tuesday night.

JERRY: Tuesday night? What happened Tuesday night?

MARLENE: ..I saw your act.

JERRY: My act? What does that have to do with anything?

MARLENE: Well, to be honest, it just didn't make it for me. It's just so much fluff.

JERRY: I can't believe this. So what are you saying? You didn't like my act, so that's it?

MARLENE: I can't be with someone if I don't respect what they do.

JERRY: You're a cashier!

MARLENE: Look, Jerry, it's just not my kind of humor.

JERRY: You can't go by the audience that night. It was late. They were terrible.

MARLENE: I heard the material.

JERRY: I have other stuff. You should come see me on the weekend.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: Women need to like the job of the guy they're with. If they don't like the job, they don't like the guy. Men know this. Which is why we make up the phony

bogus names for the jobs that we have. "Well, right now, I'm the regional management supervisor." "I'm in development, research, consulting." Men on the other

hand, if they are physically attracted to a woman are not that concerned with her job. Are we? Men don't really care. Men'll just go, "Really? Slaughterhouse? Is that

were you work? That sounds interesting. So whatdya got a big cleaver there? You're just lopping their heads off? That sounds great! Listen, why don't you shower

up, and we'll get some burgers and catch a movie."

END OF SHOW.


[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: My parents live in Florida now. They moved there last year. They didn't want to move to Floriday, but they're in their sixties, and that's the law. You know

how it works. They got the leisure police. They pull up in front of the old people's house with a golf cart, jump out, "Let's go Pop, white belt, white pants, white

shoes, get in the back. Drop the snow shovel right there, drop it!" I am not much for the family gathering. You know, you sit there, and the conversation's so boring.

It's so dull. And you start to fantasize. You know, you think, what if I just got up and jumped out that window? What would it be like? Just crashed right through the

glass.. You know. Come back in, there's broken glass, everybody's all upset. "No, I'm alright. I was just a little bored, there. No, I'm fine. I came back. I wanted to

hear a little about that Hummel collection, Aunt Rose. Let's pick it up right there."

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's parents are in town. His father's watching T.V., his mother is ironing his father's jackets)

HELEN: (To Morty) You have so many nice jackets. I don't know why you had to bring this jacket. Who wears a jacket like this? (He doesn't respond) What's

wrong with that nice gray one? You have beautiful clothes. They sit in your closet. Morty, you can't wear - this!

(Phone rings)

MORTY: Are you getting that?

HELEN: I thought you were getting it.

MORTY: Should I pick up?

HELEN: You want me to get that?

MORTY: I'll get it!

HELEN: I'll get it!

(They both go for the phone, Helen gets to it first)

HELEN: Hello?.. Hello?

(She hangs up. Jerry enters - he's wearing baseball clothes and carrying a bat and glove)

JERRY: (Talking about the loud T.V.) Would you make this thing lower! I can hear it on the street! (Turns it off)

MORTY: So, how'd you do?

JERRY: We won. I made an incredible play in the field! There was a tag-up at third base and I threw the guy out from left field on a fly! We'll be in the championship

game Wednesday because of me. It was the single greatest moment of my life.

HELEN: This is your greatest moment? A game?

JERRY: Well, no. Sharon Besser, of course.

MORTY: You know what my greatest moment was, don't you? 1946. I went to work for Harry Flemming and I came up with the idea for the beltless trench coat.

HELEN: Jerry, look at this sport jacket. Is this a jacket to wear to an anniversary party?

JERRY: Well, the man's an individualist. He worked for Harry Flemming. He knows what he's doing.

HELEN: But it's their 50th anniversary.

MORTY: You know, I spoke to Manya and Isaac on the phone today. They invited you again. I think you should go.

JERRY: First of all, I made plans with Elaine.

HELEN: So bring her.

JERRY: I don't even know them. What is she, your second cousin? I mean, I've met them three times in my life.

MORTY: I don't know her either. (Gesturing to Helen) She makes me fly all the way from Floriday for this, and then she criticizes my jacket.

HELEN: At least come and say hello, have a cup of coffee, then you'll leave.

MORTY: How come he gets to leave?

JERRY: If I wind up sitting nest to Uncle Leo, I am leaving. He's always grabbing my arm when he talks to me. I guess it's because so many people have left in the

middle of his conversation.

MORTY: And it's always about Jeffrey, right?

JERRY: Hey, he talks about him like he split the atom. The kid works for the Parks Department.

(Enter Kramer)

KRAMER: Morty, are you coming in?

MORTY: Oh, yeah. I forgot all about it.

KRAMER: (To Jerry) Hey, how'd you do?

JERRY: We won. We're in the finals on Wednesday..

KRAMER: Yeah!

JERRY: (To Kramer and Morty) What is this about?

KRAMER: I'm completely changing the configuration of the apartment. You're not gonna believe it when you see it. A whole new lifestyle.

JERRY: What are you doing?

KRAMER: Levels.

JERRY: Levels?

KRAMER: Yeah, I'm getting rid of all my furniture. All of it. And I'm going to build these different levels, with steps, and it'll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows. You

know, like ancient Egypt.

JERRY: You drew up plans for this?

KRAMER: No, no. It's all in my head.

MORTY: I don't know how you're going to be comfortable like that.

KRAMER: Oh, I'll be comfortable.

JERRY: When do you intend to do this?

KRAMER: Ohh.. should be done by the end of the month.

JERRY: You're doing this yourself?

KRAMER: It's a simple job. Why, you don't think I can?

JERRY: Oh, no. It's not that I don't think you can. I know that you can't, and I'm positive that you won't.

KRAMER: Well, I got the tools. I got the pillows. All I need is the lumber.

MORTY: Hey, that's some big job.

JERRY: I don't see it happening.

KRAMER: Well, this time, this time you're wrong. C'mon. I'll even bet you.

JERRY: Seriously?

HELEN: I dont' want you betting. Morty, don't let him bet.

KRAMER: A big dinner with dessert. But I've got till the end of the month.

JERRY: I'll give you a year.

KRAMER: No, no, no. End of the month.

JERRY: It's a bet. (They both "pinkie swear" to lock the deal)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Manya's apartment]

(Jerry sits between Uncle Leo and Elaine. Leo grabs his choulder)

JERRY: Seriously, do you wnat to switch chairs?

ELAINE: No, no. I'm fine.

LEO: Jerry, are you listening to this?

JERRY: Yeah, Uncle Leo.

LEO: So, so, now the parks commissioner is recommending Jeffrey for a citation.

JERRY: Right. For reducing the pond scum?

LEO: No, for the walking tours.

JERRY: Oh, yeah. Where the people eat the plant life - the edible foliage tour.

LEO: That's exactly right. He knows the whole history of the park. For two hours he's talking and answering questions. But you want to know something? Whenever

he has a problem with one of these high-powered big shots in the Parks Department, you know who he calls?

JERRY: Mickey Mantle?

ELAINE: (Helping him worm out of the conversation with Leo) Jerry, Jerry. Did you taste these peas? These peas are great!

JERRY: (Eating a forkful) These peas are bursting with country-fresh flavor.

ELAINE: Mmm.. phenomenal peas..

MORTY: Are you ready for dessert?

JERRY: Well, actually, we do have to kind of get going.

MANYA: (Surprised) You're going?

ELAINE: I don't really eat dessert. I'm dieting.

JERRY: Yeah, I can't eat dessert either. The sugar makes my ankles swell up, and I can't dance.

MANYA: Can't dance?

HELEN: He's kidding, Manya.

MANYA: Is that a joke?

HELEN: (Canging subject) So, did you hear Claire's getting married?

MANYA: Yeah, yeah..

HELEN: I hear the fella owns a couple of racehorses. You know, trotters, like at Yonkers.

JERRY: Horses. They're like big riding dogs.

ELAINE: What about ponies? What kind of abnormal animal is that? And those kids who had their own ponies..

JERRY: I know, I hated those kids. In fact, I hate anyone that ever had a pony when they were growing up.

MANYA: ..I had a pony.

(The room is dead quiet)

JERRY: ..Well, I didn't really mean a pony, per se.

MANYA: (Angry) When I was a little girl in Poland, we all had ponies. My sister had pony, my cousin had pony, ..So, what's wrong with that?

JERRY: Nothing. Nothing at all. I was just merely expressting..

HELEN: Should we have coffee? Who's having coffee?

MANYA: He was a beautiful pony! And I loved him.

JERRY: Well, I'm sure you did. Who wouldn't love a pony? Who wouldn't love a person that had a pony?

MANYA: You! You said so!

JERRY: No, see, we didn't have ponies. I'm sure at the time in Poland, they were very common. They were probably like compact cars..

MANYA: That's it! I've had enough! (She leaves the room)

ISAAC: Have your coffee, everyone. She's a little upset. It's been an emotional day.

(Isaac leaves, everyone looks at Jerry)

JERRY: I didn't know she had a pony. How was I to know she had a pony? Who figures an immigrant's going to have a pony? Do you know what the odds are on

that? I mean, in all the pictures I saw of immigrants on boats coming into New York harbor, I never saw one of them sitting on a pony. Why would anybody come

hre if they had a pony? Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? It doesn't make sense.. am I wrong?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Morty and Helen are leaving, their bags are packed)

JERRY: I'll drive you to the airport.

HELEN: No, we're taking a cab.

JERRY: I just hope that whole pony incident didn't put a damper on the trip.

HELEN: Don't be rediculous. It was a misunderstanding.

MORTY: Hey, I agree with him. Nobody likes a kid with a pony.

JERRY: Well, if you ever talk to her, tell her I'm sorry. Elaine too. She feels terrible.

HELEN: You know, you should give Manya a call.

JERRY: Maybe I will.

(Jerry opens his door, Kramer's standing in the hallway)

KRAMER: Oh, hi. I just came to say goodbye. (Gestures to the bags) ..Need any help with those?

MORTY: It's nothing. I got it. So, how are your levels coming along?

KRAMER: Oh, well.. I decided I'm not gonna do it.

JERRY: (Sarcastically) Really? What a shock.

HELEN: Goodbye, Jerry.

JERRY: Take care.

HELEN: We'll call you. (Leaves)

MORTY: Bye, Jer.

JERRY: Bye, Dad. Take it easy.

MORTY: Bye, Mr. Kramer.

KRAMER: Yeah. So long, Morty. (Morty leaves)

JERRY: So, when do I get my dinner?

KRAMER: There's no dinner. The bet's off. I'm not gonna do it.

JERRY: Yes. I know you're not gonna do it. That's why I bet.

KRAMER: There's not bet if I' not doing it.

JERRY: That's the bet! That you're not doing it!

KRAMER: Yeah, well, I could do it. I don't want to do it.

JERRY: We didn't bet on if you wanted to. We bet on if it would be done.

KRAMER: And it could be done.

JERRY: Well, of course it could be done! Anything could be done! But it only is done if it's done. Show me the levels! The bet is the levels.

KRAMER: But I don't want the levels!

JERRY: That's the bet! (Phone rings, Jerry answers it) Hello? ..No, oh, hi.. no, they just left.. Oh my God.. hand on a second. Maybe I can still catch them. (Jerry

goes over to the window, and opens it. He yells out of it) Ma!.. Ma!.. Up here! Don't get in the cab! .. Manya died! ..Manya died!!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

HELEN: Who did you talk to?

JERRY: Uncle Leo.

HELEN: And when's the funeral?

JERRY: I don't know. He said he'd call back.

MORTY: You know what this means, don't you? We lost the supersaver. Those tickets are non-refundable.

HELEN: She just had a check-up. The doctor said she was fine. Unless..

JERRY: What?

HELEN: What? Nothing.

JERRY: You don't think.. What? The pony remark?

HELEN: Oh, don't be ridiculous. She was an old woman.

JERRY: You don't think that I killed her?

MORTY: You know what the flight back'll cost us?

JERRY: It was just an innocent comment! I didn't know she had a pony!

MORTY: Maybe we can get an army transport flight. They got a base in Sarasota, I think.

JERRY: The whole thing ws taking out of context. It was a joke. (Phone rings) That's probably Uncle Leo.

(Helen picks it up)

HELEN: Hello? ..Yes, I know.. Well, it's just one of those things.. Sure, sure, we'll see you then. (Hangs up) The funeral's Wednesday.

JERRY: Wednesday? What, what Wednesday?

HELEN: Two o' clock, Wednesday. (Jerry shrugs) What?

JERRY: I've got the softball game on Wednesday. It's the championship.

HELEN: So? You're not obligated. Go play in your game.

JERRY: I didn't even know the woman.

HELEN: So don't go.

JERRY: I mean I met her three times. I don't know her last name.

HELEN: Jery, no one's forcing you.

JERRY: I mean, who has a funeral on a Wednesday? That's what I want to know. I mean, it's the championship. I'm hitting everything.

HELEN: I don't have a dress to wear. (To Morty) And you. You don't have anything.

MORTY: I got a sport jacket.

HELEN: You're not wearing that to a funeral.

MORTY: What's wrong with it?

HELEN: It looks ridiculous.

MORTY: What? I'm gonna buy a new jacket now?

JERRY: I don't know what to do.

MORTY: ..You know what this funeral's gonna wind up costing me? Oh boy!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: We don't understand death. And the proof of this is that we give dead people a pillow. And, uh, I mean, hey, you know. I think if you can't stretch out and

get some solid rest at that point, I don't see how bedding accessories really make the difference. I mean, they got the guy in a suit with a pillow. No is he going to a

meeting, or is he catching forty winks? I mean, let's make up our mind where we think they're going.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee Shop]

ELAINE: I actually like ponies. I was just trying to make conversation. What time's your game?

JERRY: Two Forty-Five.

ELAINE: And what time's the funeral?

JERRY: Two o' clock.

ELAINE: How long does a funeral take?

JERRY: Depends on how nice the person was. But you gotta figure, even Oswald took forty-five minutes.

ELAINE: So you cna't do both?

JERRY: You know, if the situation were reversed and Manya had some mah-jongg championship or something, I wouldn't expect her to go to my funeral. I would

understand.

ELAINE: How can you even consider not going?

GEORGE: You know, I've been thinking.. I cannot envision any circumstances in which I'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again. How's it gonna happen? I

just don't see how it could occur.

ELAINE: You know, funerals always make me think about my own mortality and how I'm actually going to die someday. Me, dead. Imagine that.

GEORGE: They always make me take stock of my life and how I've pretty much wasted all of it, and how I plan to continue wasting it.

JERRY: I know, and then you say to yourself, "From this moment on, I'm not going to waste any more of it." But then you go, "How? What can I do that's not

wasting it?"

ELAINE: Is this a waste of time? What should we be doing? Can't you hae coffee with people?

GEORGE: You know, I can't believe you're even considering not playing. We need you. You're hitting everything.

ELAINE: He has to go. He may have killed her.

JERRY: Me? What about you? You brought up the pony.

ELAINE: Oh, yeah, but I didn't say I hated anyone who had one.

GEORGE: (To Jerry) Who's going to play left field?

JERRY: Bender.

GEORGE: Bender? He can't play left. He stinks. I just don't see what purpose is it going to serve your going? I mean, you think dead peole care who's at the

funeral? They don't even know they're having a funeral. It's not like she's hanging out in the back going, "I can't believe Jerry didn't show up."

ELAINE: Maybe she's there in spirit. How about that?

GEORGE: If you're a spirit, and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies, and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think she's going to want to hang

around Drexler's funeral home on Ocean Parkway?

ELAINE: George, I met this woman! She is not traveling to any other dimensions.

GEORGE: You know how easy it is for dead people to travel? It's not like getting on a bus. One second. It's all mental.

JERRY: Fifty years they were married. Now he's moving to Pheonix.

ELAINE: Phoenix? What's happening with his appartment?

JERRY: I don't know. They've been in there since, like, World War II. The rent's three hundred a month.

ELAINE: Three hundred a month? Oh my God.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Funeral home]

(The eulogy is in progress. Jerry attended afterall)

MAN: Although this may seem like a sad even, it should not be a day of mourning.. for Manya had a rich, fulfilling life. She grew up in a different world - a simpler

world - with loving parents, a beautiful home in the country, and from what I understand, she eve had a pony.. (Jerry throws his hands up) Oh, how she loved that

pony. Even in her declining years, whenever she would speak of it, her eyes would light up. It's lustrous coat, it's flowing mane. It was the pride of Krakow. (Jery

sinks in his seat)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Anteroom of funeral parlor]

JERRY: (Looking at his watch) Well, the game's starting just about now.

HELEN: It was good that the two of you came. It was a nice gesture.

(Scene cuts to Morty talking to an intern)

INTERN: I'm not a doctor yet, Uncle Morty. I'm just an intern. I can't write a note to an airline.

MORTY: You've got your degree. They don't care. They just want to see something.

(Scene cuts back to Jerry)

JERRY: (To Isaac) I just wanted to say how sorry I was..

LEO: (Interrupting) Jerry, you wanna hear something? Your cousin, Jeffrey, is switching parks. They're transferring him to Riverside - so he'll completely revamp that

operation, you understand? He'll do in Riverside what he did in Central Park. It's more money. So, that's your cousin.

(Scene cuts back to Morty)

MORTY: You don't understand, I've never paid a full fare.

JERRY: (To Isaac) Once again, I just want to say how sorry I am abou tthe other night.

ELAINE: Oh, me too.

ISAAC: Oh no, no, no. She forgot all about that. She was much mor upset about the potato salad.

ELAINE: So, I understand you're moving to Phoenix?

(Jerry shake his head and walks away)

ISAAC: Yeah, my brother lives there. I think Manya would've liked Phoenix.

ELAINE: Mmm.. gorgeous, exquisite town. Who, what's happening with your apartment?

ISAAC: Of course it's very hot there. I'l lhave to get an air conditioner.

ELAINE: Oh, you can have mine. I'll ship it out ot you.. but what about that big apartment on West End Avenue?

ISAAC: Although they say it's a dry heat.

ELAINE: Dry, wet.. what's happening with your apartment?

ISAAC: I don't even know if I should take my winter clothing.

ELAINE: I have an idea. Leave the winter clothing in the apartment, and I'll watch it for you and I'll live there and I'll make sure that nothing happens to it.

(Jerry comes back)

ISAAC: Oh, the apartment. Jeffrey's taking the apartment.

ELAINE: (to Jerry) Oh, Jeffrey.

JERRY: (To Elaine) You know Jeffery?

ELAINE: Yeah, from what I understand, he works for the Parks Department.

(Helen approaches Jerry)

HELEN: It's raining.

JERRY: (Moves to the window) It's raining? It's raining. The game will be postponed. We'll play tomarrow.

(Scene cuts back to Morty)

MORTY: Believe me, I wouldn't bother you if the army hadn't closed that base in Sarasota. Here, scribble a little something here.

INTERN: I can't. I'll get in trouble.

MORTY: Oh, for God's sakes!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee Shop]

GEORGE: Who gets picked off in softball? It's unheard of.

JERRY: It's never happend to me before.

ELAINE: I remember saying to myself, "Why is Jerry so far off the base?"

JERRY: I'll have to live with this shame for the rest of my life.

GEORGE: And they in the fifth inning, why did you take off on the pop fly?

JERRY: I thought there were two outs.

ELAINE: I couldn't believe it when I saw you running. I thought maybe they had changed the rules or something.

JERRY: It was the single worst moment of my life.

GEORGE: What about Sharon Besser?

JERRY: Oh, well, of course. 1973.

ELAINE: Makes you wonder, though, doesn't it?

JERRY: Wonder about what?

ELAINE: You know.. the spirit world.

JERRY: You think Manya showed up during the game and put a hex on me?

ELAINE: I never saw anyone play like that.

JERRY: But I went ot the funeral.

ELAINE: Yeah, but that doesn't make up for killing her.

GEORGE: Maybe Manya missed the funeral because she was off visiting another galaxy that day.

JERRY: Don't you think she would've heard I was there?

GEORGE: Not necessarily. (Elaine laughs)

JERRY: Who figures and immigrant's gonna have a pony?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night Club]

JERRY: What is the pony? What is the point of the pony? Why do we have these animals, these ponies? What do we do with them? Besides the pony ride. Why

ponies? What are we doing with them? I mean, police don't use them for, you know, crowd control. "Hey, uh, you wanna get back behind the barricades. Hey!

Hey, little boy. Yeah, I'm talking to you. Behind the barricades!" So somebody, I assume, genetically engineered these ponies. Do you think they could make them

any size? I mean, could they make them like the size of a quarter, if they wanted? That would be fun for Monopoly, though, wouldn't it? Just have a little pony and

you put him on the, "Baltic, that's two down, go ahead. Hold it. Right ther, Baltic. yeah, that's it. Fine. Right there, hold it right there."

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I hate clothes, okay? I hate buying them. I hate picking them out of my closet. I can't stand every day trying to come up with little outfits for myself. I think

eventually fashion won't even exist. It won't. I think eventually we'll all be wearing the same thing. 'Cause anytime I see a movie or a TV show where there's people

from the future of another planet, they're all wearing the same thing. Somehow they decided "This is going to be our outfit. One-piece silver jumpsuit, V-stripe, and

boots. That's it." We should come up for an outfit for earth. An earth outfit. We should vote on it. Candidates propose different outfits, no speeches. They walk out,

twirl, walk off. We just sit in the audience and go, "That was nice. I could wear that."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Clothing store]

JERRY: I think I've seen enough.

SALESMAN: Well, I might have something in the back.

ELAINE: The back? They never find anything in the back. If they had anything good in the back, they'd put it out in the front.

JERRY: Why don't they open up an entire store for the back? Call it, "Just Back." All back. No front. You walk in the front, you're immediately in the back. (Picks

up a tie display) Look, Elaine, tie car wash.

CUSTOMER: (Sees the book Elaine is holding) Oh, I just read that. That's terrific.

JERRY: (Pointing to Elaine) Her father wrote that.

CUSTOMER: Alton Benes is your father?

ELAINE: Yeah.

CUSTOMER: I always felt he deserved a wider audience.

ELAINE: I'm not so sure he wants one. (Customer leaves) Hey, don't forget Sunday, okay? You and George are coming, right? Hotel Westbury, eight o' clock.

JERRY: ..I guess I'm coming.. I mean..

ELAINE: What? What, you don't want to go now?

JERRY: No, I'll go. I'm going.

ELAINE: No, Jerry, you have to. I need a buffer. You know, I haven't seen my father in a while and.. you know.

JERRY: I'm worried I won't be able to talk to him. He's such a great writer. Frankly, I perfer the company of nitwits.

ELAINE: So, that's why we're not togeter anymore.

JERRY: (Looks at a jacket) What is this? (Holds it up) This is beautiful.. but these jackets never fit me right.

ELAINE: Try it on. (Feels it) Wow, this is soft suede.

JERRY: This may be the most perfect jacket I have ever put on. (Elaine grabs the tag) How much is it?

ELAINE: (Shocked) Oh my God.

JERRY: Bad? (Elaine nods) ..Very bad?

ELAINE: You have no idea.

JERRY: I have some idea.

ELAINE: No idea.

JERRY: I've got a ballpark.

ELAINE: There is no park and the team has relocated.

JERRY: (Looks at the tag) ..That is high.

ELAINE: Oh man, that is a beautiful jacket, though.

JERRY: (Looking at the insides of the jacket) What's with the pink lining and the candy stripes?

ELAINE: Well, it's just a lining. You can always have it changed.

JERRY: Should I get it? I hate these moments. I'm hearing the dual voices now, you know. "What about the money?" "What's money?"

SALESMAN: It looks wonderful on you.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's sitting on his couch wearing his pajamas and his new jacket. He gets up to look at his jacket in the mirror. Kramer enters)

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: Hey. New jacket?

JERRY: What do you think?

KRAMER: It's beautiful.

JERRY: Is it me?

KRAMER: That's definitely you.

JERRY: Really?

KRAMER: That's more you than you've ever been. (Starts looking the jacket over) What is with the pink lining?

JERRY: I don't know. It's got a pink lining.

KRAMER: Oh.. So, what did you pay for this?

JERRY: I paid what it costs.

KRAMER: How much?

JERRY: What's the difference?

KRAMER: What, you're not gonna tell me?

JERRY: I'd rather not say it out loud. It's embarrassing.

KRAMER: Over three hundred?

JERRY: Yes, but let's just stop it right there.

KRAMER: It's over four hundred?

JERRY: Really, I'm not answering anymore.

KRAMER: Is it over four hundred?

JERRY: Would you?

KRAMER: (Finds the tag) Woah, Nelson!

JERRY: I know, I know.

KRAMER: (Talking about his old jacket) What are you gonna do with the leather one?

JERRY: I don't know.

KRAMER: Well, are you gonna wear it?

JERRY: Maybe.

KRAMER: (Looking over the leather jacket) You're not going to wear this.

JERRY: Do you want it?

KRAMER: Well, yeah. Okay. I'll take it.. I like the jacket.

JERRY: (Takes one last look at the leather jacket) ..Okay, take it.

KRAMER: Good karma for you. (Kramer puts on his new jacket, and stands next to Jerry, looking in the mirror.) Oh baby.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(George enters singing "Master Of the House" - a Les Miserables show tune)

GEORGE: "Master of the house.. doling out the charm, ready with a handshake and an open palm. Tells a saucy talke, loves to make a stir everyone appreciates a.."

JERRY: What is that song?

GEORGE: Oh, it's from Les Miserables. I went to see it last wee. I can't get it out of my head. I just keep singing it over and over. It just comes out. I have no

control over it. I'm singing it on elevators, buses. I sing it infront of clients. It's taking over my life.

JERRY: You know, Schumann went mad from that.

GEORGE: Artie Schumann? From Camp Hatchapee?

JERRY: No, you idiot.

GEORGE: What are you, Bud Abbott? What, are you calling my an idiot?

JERRY: You don't know Rober Schumann? The composer?

GEORGE: Oh, Schumann. Of course.

JERRY: (Trying to scare George) He went crazy from one note. He couldn't get it out of his head. I think it was an A. He kept repeating it over and over again. He

had to be institutionalized.

GEORGE: Really? ..Well, what if it doesn't stop? (Jerry gestures "That's the breaks." George gasps) Oh, that I really needed to hear. That helps a lot! Alright, just

say something. Just start talking. Change the subject.. Let's just go, alright? I can't believe we're having dinner with Alton Benes.

JERRY: I know exactly what's goin to happen tonight. I'm gonna try and act like I'm not impressed, he's gonna see right through it.

GEORGE: Yeah, he'll be looking at us like he's backstage at a puppet show.

JERRY: Let me just get my jacket. (Moves to the bedroom)

GEORGE: "Master of the house, keeper of the inn.." (Jerry proudly models his new jacket infront of George. George looks in admiration at the jacket) This is huge!

When did this happen?

JERRY: Wednesday. This jacket has completely changed my life. When I leave the house in this, it's with a whole different confidence. Like tonight, I might've been

a little nervous. But, inside this jacket, I am composed, grounded, secure that I can meet an social challenge.

GEORGE: (Nods) Can I say one thing to you? And I say this wiht an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality.

JERRY: Absolutely.

GEORGE: ..It's fabulous.

JERRY: I know.

GEORGE: And I'll tell you something else, I'm not even going to ask you. I want to know. But I'm not going to ask. You'll tell me when you feel comfortable.. So

what was it? Four hundred? Five hundred? Did you pay five hundred for this? (Jerry's acting coy throughout the whole thing) Over six? Can't be seven. Don't tell my

you paid seven hundred dollars for this jacket! Did you pay seven hundred dollars for this jacket? Is that what you're saying to me?! You are sick! Is that what you

paid for this jacket?! Over seven hundred? What did you pay for this jacket? I won't say anything. I wanna know what you paid for this jacket! Oh my God! A

thousand dollars?! You paid a thousand dollars for this jacket?! Alright, fine. I'm walking out of here right now thinking you paid a thousand dollars for this jacket,

unless you tell me different. (Jerry still coy, stays silent) Oh, ho! Alright! I'll tell you what, if you don't say anything in the next five seconds, I'll know it was over a

thousand..

(Enter Kramer)

KRAMER: Hey. Hey, would you do me a solid?

JERRY: Well, what kind of solid?

KRAMER: I need you to sit in the car for two minutes while it's double-parked. I gotta pick up some birds.

JERRY: Birds?

KRAMER: Yeah. A friend of mine, he's a magician. He's going away on vacation. He asked me to take care of his doves.

JERRY: So take a cab.

KRAMER: They won't take a cage full of birds.

JERRY: I can't. I'm on my way out. There's no way I can do it.

KRAMER: George, do me a solid? Two minutes.

GEORGE: Well, I'm going with him. I'd like to, I've never done a solid before.

KRAMER: Alright.. yeah.. alright, have a good one.

(Kramer leaves)

JERRY: (Scoffs) Two minutes. Believe me, I know his two minutes.. By his conception of time, his life will last over two thousand years.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Hotel lobby]

(Jerry and George enter. George's singing "Master of the House")

GEORGE: "Master of the House. Quick to catch your eye, never wants a passerby to pass him by."

JERRY: (Points to his head) Schumann. (George gets visibly scared) Where are they?

GEORGE: Maybe he didn't show up.

JERRY: What, you don't want to do this?

GEORGE: I don't think there's ever been an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up.

GEORGE: (Sees an elderly man sitting on a leather chair) Wait a second, is that him?

JERRY: Yeah, I think it is. (They walk tward him) Where's Elaine?

GEORGE: I'm nervous.

JERRY: Excuse me.. Mister Benes?

ALTON: Yeah?

JERRY: I'm Jerry. Elaine's friend.. and this is George.

GEORGE: (Holds out his hand for a handshake) It's a great thrill to meet you, Sir.

(Alton starts hacking, George withdraws his hand)

ALTON: Sit down. Want a drink?

JERRY: Sure.

ALTON: (Summons waiter) What do you have?

JERRY: (To waiter) I'll have a cranberry juice with two limes.

GEORGE: And, I'll have a club soda with no ice.

BENES: (Gives both Jerry and George a look) I'll have another Scotch with plenty of ice.

GEORGE: You like ice?

ALTON: Huh?

GEORGE: I said, do you like ice?

ALTON: Like it?

GEORGE: Don't you think you get more without it?

ALTON: (Pauses) Where's Elaine?

JERRY: Well, we thought she was meeting you earlier. She's usually pretty punctual. (Alton remains quiet) ..Don't you find that, George?

GEORGE: Yeah, yeah. She's punctual.. and she's been late sometimes.

JERRY: Yeah, yeah. Sometimes she's on time, and sometimes she's late.

GEORGE: I guess today she's late.

JERRY: It appears that way.

GEORGE: Yep.

JERRY: Yep.

(Both Jerry and George look at the door, anticipating Elaine's arrival)

ALTON: Looks like rain.

GEORGE: (Perks up) I know, I know, that's what they said.

ALTON: Who said?

GEORGE: The weather guy, Dr. Waldo.

ALTON: I don't need anybody to tell me it's gonna rain.

GEORGE: No, of course not. I didn't..

ALTON: All I have to do is stick my head out the window. (Waiter shows up with the drinks) Which one's suppose to be the funny guy?

GEORGE: (Pointing at Jerry) Oh, he's the comedian.

JERRY: I'm just a regular person.

GEORGE: No, no. He's just being modest.

ALTON: We had a funny guy with us in Korea. A tailgunner. They blew his brains out all over the Pacific. (Long pause) There's nothing funny about that.

(Jerry and George turn to the door again)

JERRY: Would you excuse me a minute? I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'll be right back.

(Jerry leaves. George is left alone with Alton)

GEORGE: I just wanted to tell you that I really enjoyed Fair Game. I thought it was just brilliant.

ALTON: Drivel.

GEORGE: Maybe some parts.

ALTON: What parts?

GEORGE: The drivel parts.. Oh my gosh, I just realized - I have to make a phone call. I can believe.. would you.. (Gets up, and leaves)

(Scene cuts to the hotel bathroom)

GEORGE: Thank you for leaving me alone with him!

JERRY: That was brutal. I can't go back out there.

GEORGE: Well, let's just leave.

JERRY: Elaine'll kill me.

GEORGE: Where is she?

JERRY: She's gotta be here soon.

GEORGE: How could she leave us alone with this lunatic? Ten more minutes, and that's it! I'm leaving. I have to tell you, this guy scares me.

JERRY: The waiter was trembling.

GEORGE: If she doesn't show up, we can't possibly have dinner with him alone.

JERRY: How are we gonna get out of it?

GEORGE: We'll say we're frightened and we have to go home.

JERRY: Yeah, that's good. He'd clunk our heads together like Moe.

GEORGE: I don't know. Just start scratching. Tell him you have the crabs. He was in the military. He'll understand that.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: All fathers are intimidating. They're intimidating because they are fathers. Once a man has children, for the rest of his life, his attitude is, "To hell with the

world, I can make my own people. I'll eat whatever I want. I'll wear whatever I want, and I'll create whoever I want."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Hotel lobby]

(Jerry and George come back from the bathroom)

ALTON: Who'd you call?

GEORGE: (Caught off guard) My uncle is having an operation. I just wanted to see how he was.

ALTON: What kind of operation?

GEORGE: Bone marrow.

(Manager approaches)

MANAGER: Mister Benes?

ALTON: Yes?

MANAGER: A message for you. (Hands him a message)

ALTON: From Elaine. She got tied up. She'll be here in thirty minutes. (Jerry and George freeze)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Hotel lobby]

ALTON: Yeah, they should've taken care of Castro when they had the chance. Like we did in Guatamala in 'fifty-three.

JERRY: (Adding) Well, Guatamala.

GEORGE: Sure, Guatamala.

ALTON: (Gets up) Alright, you boys get yourselves together. We'll head up to the restaurant. I'll leave a note for Elaine. I'm going to the bathroom. (Leaves)

GEORGE: Come on, let's go!

JERRY: What about Elaine?

GEORGE: To hell with Elaine!

JERRY: She'll be furious.

GEORGE: We're dying here!

(Elaine enters)

JERRY: That's her! She's here!

ELAINE: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Where is Dad?

GEORGE: (Mocking Alton's voice) He's in the bathroom.

JERRY: Where have you been?!

ELAINE: Kramer, that .. Kramer! I'm just about to leave, he calls me up. He begs me to sit in his car for two minutes, so he can pick up these birds..

JERRY: Oh, you didn't..

ELAINE: Well, he said he'd drive me here right after. So, I am sitting in his car twenty minutes! he doesn't come down. I am freezing. Then a cop comes by, tells me

to get out of the car. He's a city marshal. He's towing the car away. Kramer owes thousands of dollars in back tickets. He was going to tow it with me in the car!

So, they tow the car. Now, I am standing outside, and I am freezing, but I cannot leave because I have to tell him what happened to the car.. so, finally, he finally

comes down with his giant cage filled with doves. He said he was getting special instructions, that each dove has a different diet. So, we're wandering around trying

to get a cab, when two of these doves fly out! Now we're running down the street after these doves. I almost got hit by a bus. (Sits down, takes a deep breath) ..So

how's everything going over here?

JERRY: (After hearing Elaine's story, his is..) Great.

GEORGE: Couldn't be better.

ELAINE: Good. 'Cause Dad can make some people a little uncomfortable.

JERRY: Oh, no, no.

GEORGE: Get outta here..

ELAINE: Man, Kramer! I could kill him.

JERRY: I can't believe it. You know better than to get involved with Kramer.

ELAINE: He said he'd give me a lift.

JERRY: Ah, the lift. Like the lure of the siren's song. Never what it seems to be, yet who among us can resist?

GEORGE: Where do you come up with this stuff?

ALTON: (Returns) Well, look who's here.

ELAINE: Oh, Hi, Dad.

ALTON: (Kisses Elaine) Hello, dear. Who's the lipstick for?

ELAINE: No one.

ALTON: ..How's your mother?

ELAINE: Fine.

ALTON: How about you? Are you working?

ELAINE: Yeah, I'm reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing. I told you ten times.

ALTON: Pendant, those bastards.. Alright, boys. We'll go to that Pakistani restaurant on 46th Street. You're not afraid of a little spice, are you?

(They all head for the door. Jerry and George trail behind a little)

GEORGE: "Master of the house, doling out the charm. Ready with a handshake and an open.."

ALTON: Pipe down, chorus boy.

(Alton glares, George gets embarrassed)

ELAINE: Ohh.. it's snowing. It's beautiful.

JERRY: (To George) Snow.. snow, that can't be good for suede, can it?

GEORGE: I wouldn't think so.

JERRY: What should I do? (To Alton) We're taking a cab, aren't we?

ALTON: Cab? It's only five blocks.

GEORGE: (To Jerry) Why don't you just turn it inside out?

JERRY: Inside out! Great.

(Jery turns his jacket inside out, showing of the pink striped insides. Alton stops him before Jerry can leave the hotel)

ALTON: Wait a minute. What the hell do you call this?

JERRY: Oh, I turned my jacket inside out.

ALTON: Well, you look like a damn fool!

JERRY: (Like a child) Well, it's a new suede jacket. It might get ruined.

ALTON: Well, you're not going to walk down the street with my and my daughter dressed like that! That's for damn sure!

(Jerry looks at George)

GEORGE: It's only a few blocks.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's heading out, the intercom buzzes)

JERRY: (Into intercom) Elaine?

ELAINE: Yeah.

JERRY: Come on up.

(Enter Kramer)

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: I've gotta feed the birds.

JERRY: So?..

KRAMER: You got any of those mini Ritzes?

(Jerry reaches up, and pulls out some mini Ritzes)

JERRY: I can't believe I do.

KRAMER: Yeah! ..Well, are you going out?

JERRY: Yeah.

KRAMER: Hey, where's your new jacket? (Jerry points to the jacket hanging in the bathroom. It's ruined, and unwearable) What? (Kramer enters the bathroom,

he's shocked at the sight of the jacket) Ohhh. What did you do to it?

JERRY: I was out in the snow last night.

KRAMER: Don't youk now what that does to suede?

JERRY: I have an idea. (Elaine enters) We can make the nine-thirty at Cinema III.

ELAINE: Okay.. (To Kramer) Hello. (To Jerry) Listen, thanks again for coming last night. Dad said he had a great time.

JERRY: Is he still in town?

ELAINE: No, he's driving back to Maryland tonight.

KRAMER: (Talking about the ruined jacket) So, uh.. what are you gonna do with that one now?

JERRY: I don't know.

KRAMER: Well?..

ELAINE: (To Jerry) I didn't want to tell you this, but usually he hates everyone.

JERRY: Really?

KRAMER: You gonna throw this out?

JERRY: Well, I can't wear it.

ELAINE: (To Jerry) Yeah, he like you though. Said you reminded him of somebody he knew in Korea.

KRAMER: Well, if you're just gonna throw it out, you know, I could take it.

JERRY: Yeah, go ahead, take it.

ELAINE: Dad thinks George is gay.

JERRY: Oh, because of all that singing?

ELAINE: No, he pretty much thinks everyone is gay.

(Kramer returns from the bathroom wearing the ruined suede jacket)

KRAMER: Hey, see, I like it like this.

ELAINE: (Pointing at the jacket Kramer's wearing) Isnt' that..? (Jerry nods) Oh, is this fromt he snow last night? (Jerry nods again) Ugh.. you know what you

should've done? You should've turned it inside out.

JERRY: I'll try and remember that.

KRAMER: (Talking about the leather jacket from the start of the show) Boy, it's too bad you gave me this one too.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Yeah, too bad.

KRAMER: I'm gonna have to do something about this lining.

(Kramer exits, Scene ends)

[Setting: Alton Benes' car]

(Alton is driving home, then all the sudden, he starts to sing)

ALTON: "Master of the house doling out the charm, ready with a handshake and an open palm.."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I had a leather jacket that got ruined. Now, why does moisture ruin leather? I don't get this. Aren't cows ouside most of the time? I don't understand it.

When it's raining do cows go up to the farmhouse, "Let us in, we're all wearing leather.. Open the door! We're gonna ruin the whole outfit here.." "Is it suede?" "I am

suede, the whole thing is suede, I can't have this cleaned. It's all I got!"

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: Well, I painted my apartment again. I've been living in this apartment for years and years, and every time I paint it, it kinda gets me down. I look around,

and I think, well, it's a little bit smaller now. You know, I realize it's just the thickness of the paint, but I'm aware of it. It keeps coming in and coming in. Everytime I

paint it, it's closer and closer. I don't even know where the wall outlets are anymore. I just look for like a lump with two slots in it. Kinda looks like a pig is trying to

push his way through from the other side. That's where I plug in.. My idea of the perfect living room would be the bridge on the Starship Enterprise. You know what

I mean? Big chair, nice screen, remote control.. that's why Star Trek really was the ultimate male fantasy. Just hurling through space in your living room, watching

TV. That's why all the aliens were always dropping in, because Kirk was the only one that had a big screen. They came over Friday night, Klingon boxing.. gotta be

there.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry and Elaine are looking at Kramer with their arms folded. His hair is slicked down)

JERRY: What did you do?

KRAMER: Mousse. I moussed up.

ELAINE: I guess it was just a matter of time.

KRAMER: You know, I should've done this years ago. I mean, I feel like I had two lives. My pre-mousse and now, I begin my post-mousse. Hey, tell me the truth,

have you ever seen a better looking guy?

JERRY: Oh, look, its so subjective.

ELAINE: I don't mean to interrupt or anything, but on Sunday, my friend is having a brunch for the New York Marathon.

KRAMER: Oh, I keep forgetting to enter that.

ELAINE: She lives right above First Avenue, and says she has a perfect view of the race. And she said I can invite some friends.

JERRY: Maybe.

(A loud argument erupts in the hallway between Harold and Manny, the building supervisors)

HAROLD: No, I'm not going up there. (Manny screams out something in Spanish)

JERRY: Harold and Manny.

HAROLD: I'm not going. (Manny says something in Spanish, Jerry goes out into the hall)

JERRY: Boys, boys.

HAROLD: Oh, Jerry.

JERRY: I slid the rent under your door, Harold. Did you get it?

HAROLD: Yeah, yeah.. (Joking) Hey, Jerry, would you like anything from Mrs. Hudwalker's apartment? (Manny starts yelling at Harold in Spanish) I was only

joking. (To Jerry) He thinks I'm going to give you Mrs. Hudwalker's things. (Manny starts talking in Spanish) We have to go up there now and clean the apartment.

It's a good thing her rent was overdue. She'd be rotting up there for a month.

JERRY: She died? ..Mrs. Hudwalker died?

HAROLD: Ninety-four years old. I found her yesterday. She didn't have a wig on. It was horrifying.

MANNY: Harold, (In Spanish) Come on, hurry up!

HAROLD: (To Manny) What's the matter with you?! I'm talking. So, Jerry, you know anyone who needs an apartment?

JERRY: Are you kidding? You know my friend Elaine?

HAROLD: Oh yeah, I like her. She always says "hello" to me.

JERRY: It's not promised to anybody? 'Cause she would take it in a second.

HAROLD: Well, Manny wanted it for his brother, but he got deported. (Manny starts protesting in Spanish) What's the difference? It's true.

JERRY: So, it's okay? I could just tell her she can have it?

HAROLD: Sure, sure. She's getting a bargain, too. It's only four hundred dollars a month. (Manny yells in Spanish) Okay.. (Manny keeps talking in Spanish) Okay.

(Jerry goes back to his apartment, passing Kramer on the way)

KRAMER: (Talking about his hair) Hey, Harold, what do you think?

HAROLD: Manny, look, Kramer put mousse in his hair.

MANNY: (In Spanish) It looks worse.

KRAMER: (Not knowing what Manny said) Thanks.

(Jerry enters his apartment)

ELAINE: What was that all about?

JERRY: Oh, nothing important.

ELAINE: What's going on? What is that look?

JERRY: What look? Nothing.

ELAINE: Something's going on here.

JERRY: I don't know if you should sit for this or not. Sitting is good if you faint, but standing is good for jumping up and down.. I can't decide.

ELAINE: Jumping up and down? What are you talking about? C'mon. Cough it up.

JERRY: Oh, Elaine. You know the way I am - rarely ever thinking of myself. My only concern is the welfare and happiness of those close to me. Sure, it hurts

sometimes - to give, and give, and give..

ELAINE: Would you please?

JERRY: What would you say if I told you that..

ELAINE: Told me what?!

JERRY: ..I got you an apartment in this building.

ELAINE: (Dumbfounded) No.

JERRY: Yes.

ELAINE: No.

JERRY: Yes.

ELAINE: You didn't.

JERRY: I did.

ELAINE: You got me an apartment in the building?!

JERRY: I got you an apartment in the building.

ELAINE: How did you..

JERRY: Remember Mrs. Hudwalker? The ninety-four-year-old woman who lived above me?

ELAINE: No.

JERRY: She died.

ELAINE: (Thrilled) She died?!

JERRY: She died.

ELAINE: She died!

JERRY: And the rent's only four hundred dollars a month!

ELAINE: Get out! (Pushes Jerry, he stumbles back) Four hundred a month? Only four hundred a month?!

JERRY: Four hundred a month.

ELAINE: And I'll be right upstairs?

JERRY: Right upstairs.

ELAINE: Right above you?

JERRY: Right above me.

ELAINE: Oh, we're neighbors. I'll be here all the time!

JERRY: (Suddenly having second thoughts) All the time..

ELAINE: We can exchange keys so we can come in and out. Oh, this is going to be great!

JERRY: ..All the time..

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: The problem with talking is that nobody stops you from saying the wrong thing. I think life would be a lot better if it was like you're always making a movie.

You mess up, somebody just walks on the set, and stops the whole shot. You know what I mean? Think of the things you wish you could take back. You're out

somewhere with people, "Gee, you look pregnant.. are ya?" "Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, that's not gonna work at all. Walk out the door, and come back in. Let's take

this whole scene again. People, think about what you're saying!"

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee shop]

GEORGE: (Pays his bill) Thanks, see ya later, Donna. (Walks out, he runs into Jerry outside the shop) What happened to you?

JERRY: You can't believe what I just did.

GEORGE: What? What did you do?

JERRY: I could tell you what I did, but you wouldn't believe it. It's not believable.

GEORGE: What did you do?

JERRY: How could I have done that?

GEORGE: Done what?

JERRY: I told Elaine about an apartment opening up in my building. She's going to move in.

GEORGE: Elaine's moving into your building?

JERRY: Yes. Right above me.

GEORGE: Right above you?

JERRY: Yes.

GEORGE: You're gonna be neighbors.

JERRY: I know. Neighbors.

GEORGE: She's right above you?

JERRY: Right above me.

GEORGE: How could you do that?

JERRY: 'Cause I'm an idiot! You may think you're an idiot, but with all due respect - I'm a much bigger idiot than you are.

GEORGE: Don't insult me, my friend. Remember who you're talking to. No one's a bigger idiot than me.

JERRY: Did you ever ask an ex-girlfriend to move into your building?

GEORGE: Did you ever go to a singles weekend in the Poconos?

JERRY: She's right in my building! Right above me! Every time I come in the building, I'm gonna have to sneak around like a cat burglar.

GEORGE: You're doomed. You're gonna have to have all your sex at women's apartments. It'll be like a permanent road trip. Forget about the home bed

advantage.

JERRY: But I need the home bed advantage!

GEORGE: Of course, we all do.

JERRY: (Gesturing to the coffee shop) Come in for two minutes and sit with me.

GEORGE: I was just in there. It's embarrassing.

JERRY: Oh, who's gonna know?

GEORGE: They saw me walk out.

JERRY: Two minutes.

(Scene cuts to Jerry and George in the coffee shop)

JERRY: My censoring system broke down. You know that little guy in your head who watches everything you say? Makes sure you don't make a mistake? He went

for a cup of coffee, and in that second - ruined my life.

GEORGE: My censor quit two years ago. He checked into a clinic. Emotionally exhausted.

JERRY: ..So, is there any way out of this Elaine thing?

GEORGE: Tough.

JERRY: You know, the water pressure's terrible in my building.. and she loves a good shower.

GEORGE: I don't think anyone's turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray.

JERRY: If they were fanatic about showers, they might.

GEORGE: For that rent, she'd take a bath in the toilet tank if she had to..

JERRY: Look at that woman feeding her baby greasy, disgusting, coffee shop corned beef hash. Isn't that child abuse?

GEORGE: I'd like to have a kid. Of course, you have to have a date first.. remember my friend, Adam, from Detroit?

JERRY: Yeah, the guy with the flat head?

GEORGE: He's a cube.. anyway, he got married six months ago. he told me ever since he's been wearing a wedding band, women have been coming on to him

everywhere he goes.

JERRY: Yeah, I've heard that about wedding bands.

GEORGE: (Joking) I wonder if that's really true.

JERRY: That would be an interesting sociological experiment. You know, Kramer has his father's band. He'd loan it to you.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Apartment buliding hallway]

(George is trying on a wedding band)

GEORGE: Thanks a lot. I"ll give it back to you in a week.

KRAMER: You know, I don't even know why you're fooling around with this ring. I've been telling you, get yourself some plugs, or a piece.

GEORGE: I'm not doing that.

KRAMER: Oh, man. You know, you're crazy. You're a good looking guy. What do you want to walk around like that for?

GEORGE: No, I'll put half a can of mousse in my head like you.

(Manny and Harold are arguing again from down the hall)

HAROLD: I told you I don't like these sponges, they're too small! I want a big sponge! (Manny yells) You can't pick up anything with these! There's no absorption!

(Manny yells in Spanish, Jerry exits his apartment)

JERRY: Boys, boys.

HAROLD: Hi, Jerry.

HAROLD: Hello, Jerry. (Says something in Spanish to Harold)

HAROLD: Okay.. your friend can't have the apartment, Jerry.

JERRY: What?

HAROLD: Because somebody offered Manny five thousand dollars for the apartment. I don't want to do it. Manny wants to do it. (Manny yells) Because it's true!

Why shouldn't I tell him?

JERRY: Hey, hey. I understand. You're businessmen. (Manny talks in Spanish)

HAROLD: Oh, now, he says that if your friend has five thousand dollars, we'll give it to her.

JERRY: Well, that's a lot of money. But, if that's the way it's gotta be, that's the way it's gotta be. (Goes back to his apartment) You know, I used to think that the

universe is a random, chaotic, sequence of meaningless events, but I see now that there is reason and purpose to all things.

GEORGE: What happened to you?

JERRY: Religion, my friend, that's what happened to me. Because, I have just been informed that it's going to cost Elaine the sum of five thousand dollars to get the

apartment upstairs.

GEORGE: Five thousand dollars? She doesn't have five thousand dollars!

JERRY: Of course she doesn't have five thousand dollars!

GEORGE: So, she can't get the apartment.

JERRY: Can't get it.

GEORGE: So, she doesn't move in.

JERRY: No move. So, you see, it's all part of a divine plan.

GEORGE: And how does the baldness fit into that plan?

(The intercom buzzes)

JERRY: (Into the intercom) Elaine?

ELAINE: Yeah.

JERRY: (Unlocks the main door. To George) Alright, this is going to require some great acting now. I have to pretend I'm disappointed. You're going to really see

me being a phony, now. I hope you can take this.. maybe you should go in the other room.

GEORGE: Are you kidding?! I lie ever second of the day. My whole life is a sham!

JERRY: 'Cause you know, I love Elaine.

GEORGE: Of course you do.

JERRY: But you know.. not in the building. Really, I feel terrible about this. My intentions were good. What can I do? Tell me..

(Enter Elaine) ELAINE: (To someone in the hallway) No, I'll be seeing you. (Starts to sing) "Good morning, good morning.." Have you ever gotten up in the morning

and felt it's great to be alive? That every breath is a gift of sweet life from above? (George leaves, and goes to the other room) Oh, and before I forget, I have the

checks for first month, last month, security deposit. I have seventy-five dollars left in my account.

JERRY: (Looks at the checks) Well.. there's a little bit of a problem.

ELAINE: Oh, I know. There's a weak shower spray, I know. I've already thought about it, and I'm switching to baths. As Winston Churchill said, "Why stand when

you can sit?" Maybe I'll get some rubber duckies..

JERRY: No, someone offered Harold and Manny five thousand for the apartment. I'm sure they'd just as soon give it to you, but you'd have to come up with that

money.

ELAINE: Five thousand dollars? I don't have five thousand dollars.

JERRY: I know.

ELAINE: How am I going to get five thousand dollars?

JERRY: I have no idea.

(Enter Kramer)

KRAMER: Hey, my new neighbor!

ELAINE: I'm not moving in.

KRAMER: What?

ELAINE: They want five thousand dollars now.

KRAMER: So, okay. What's the problem?

ELAINE: I don't have five thousand dollars.

KRAMER: C'mon, you can come up with five thousand dollars.. Jerry, you don't have five thousand dollars you can led her? Come on.

JERRY: Yeah, well, I didn't.. Is that something you want to borrow?

ELAINE: No, that's too much money to borrow.

KRAMER: Loan her the money. You can afford it.

JERRY: She doesn't want to borrow the money.

KRAMER: Oh, c'mon. She'll pay you back. What's five grand between friends?

ELAINE: Of course I'd pay you back..

KRAMER: Yeah, so what's the problem?

JERRY: Who said there's a problem?

KRAMER: He said he'd loan you the money.

ELAINE: Well Jerry, it might take a while for me to pay you back. Maybe a few years. How do you feel about that?

KRAMER: That's okay. He doesn't care.

ELAINE: You know, money can sometimes come between friends.

KRAMER: Get outta here.

ELAINE: Let me think about it.

KRAMER: What's to think about?

ELAINE: I don't know.. I don't know. Five thousand.. let me just take one more look at it. (Leaves)

JERRY: It was all over! Taken care of. Done! Finished. Five thousand.. Where's she gonna get five thousand? She doesn't have five thousand. Clean. Good bye.

She's gone. Then you come in, "Why don't you loan her five thousand? What do you care? You've got five thousand. Give her five thousand."

KRAMER: You didn't want her in the building?

JERRY: No, I didn't!

KRAMER: Well, then what did you loan her the five thousand for? Oh, look, maybe she won't take it.. I mean, she did say that she was going to think about it.

JERRY: People don't turn down money! It's what separates us from the animals.

KRAMER: I still don't understand what the problem is having her in the building.

JERRY: Let me explain something to you.. You see, you're not normal. You're a great guy, I love you, but you're a pod. I, on the other hand, am a human being. I

sometimes feel awkward, uncomfortable, even inhibited in certain situations with the other human beings. You wouldn't understand.

KRAMER: Because I'm a pod?

(George returns for Jerry's bedroom just as Elaine returns)

ELAINE: I'll take it!

(George turns on his heels, and goes back into Jerry's room)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Roxanne's apartment]

(Guests are milling around, eating. Elaine enters with Jerry and George. Roxanne greets them)

ROXANNE: Hi, Elaine..

ELAINE: Oh, hi, Roxanne. Nice to be here. These are my friends. This is George, and this is Jerry. (They exchange greetings) Jerry's the one who got me my new

apartment!

ROXANNE: So, you're Elaine's hero.

JERRY: Yeah, it's my life's work.

ROXANNE: There are so few true heros left in this world. (Jerry's attracted to Roxanne, Elaine notices)

GEORGE: (Showing off his wedding band) Yeah, my wife couldn't make it today. She's got some thing with her mother.. Who know's what going on with her. Don't

let any one kid you, it's tough. (Goes off to mingle)

JERRY: Well, better load up on some carbos before the race. (Starts selecting food from the tables)

ROXANNE: Oh, the marathon is great, isn't it?

JERRY: Oh, yes. Particularily if your not in it.

ROXANNE: I wish we had a view of the finish line.

JERRY: What's to see? A woman from Norway, a guy from Kenya, and twenty thousand losers.

(Roxanne makes a face, Scene guts to George. He's standing next to an attractive woman)

GEORGE: ..Yeah, my wife started getting on me about the lawn today. I'm tellin' ya, it's one thing after another.

RITA: Is she here?

GEORGE: No, she's working.

RITA: What does she do?

GEORGE: She's an.. entymologist - you know, bees, flies, gnats. What about you?

RITA: I work for the Director of Madison Square Garden. It's great! I can get free tickets to any sporting even in New York. (George is stunned) Anyway, she's a

very luck woman.

GEORGE: But.. (She leaves, George is standing there)

(Scene cuts to an entering man and woman)

ROXANNE: Hi Stan. Joanne.

ELAINE: Jerry, this is Joanne, and this is Stan. They're in my short story class with Roxanne and me. Hey, Jerry just got me a great apartment in his building!

JOANNE: Well, Jerry, it'll be nice having a close friend nearby?

JERRY: Fantastic..

STAN: She can pop in whenever she wants.

JERRY: I know.

JOANNE: She doesn't even need to knock!

JERRY: It's tremendous.

STAN: Anytime of day.

JERRY: I'm in heaven.

ELAINE: Oh, Rita come here. This is Jerry. He's the one who got me the apartment.

RITA: Oh, Hi. (Calling to someone) bob, this is the guy who got Elaine the apartment.

(Scene cuts to George)

GEORGE: I'm sorry, I don't see the big deal about being a matador. The bull charges, you move the cape, wha't so hard? (The both laugh flirtingly)

SUSIE: So, are you really married? Because, I've actually heard of single guys who wear wedding bands to attrack women.

GEORGE: You'd have to be a real loser to try something like that.

SUSIE: That's too bad, because I really have a thing for bald guys with glasses. (Shrugs, smiles, then leaves George)

RITA: Hey everybody! Here come the runners!

(Everyone runs to the windows. Jerry and Elaine stay put)

ELAINE: So you and Roxanne are hitting it off, huh?

JERRY: Oh, I wouldn't quite say that.

ELAINE: Really? From a distance, you seemed to be coming on to her.

JERRY: I'm a guy.. it always looks like that.

ELAINE: Because, I was thinking.. are you at all concerned that living in the same building will, y'kno.. cramp our styles?

JERRY: Na..

ELAINE: Because, I was worried that there might be a situation in which one of us come home with somebody, it could get a little uncomfortable. But - as long as

you're okay with it, it's fine with me.

(Scene cuts to George)

JANICE: I've never been able to be with just one person. I can, however, carry on strictly physical relationships which can last for years and years. It's a shame

you're married..

GEORGE: (Frantically tries to take the ring off) I'm not. It's just a sociological experiment!

JANICE: Please.. (Walks away)

(Jerry walks over to George)

JERRY: You have no idea what an idiot it. Elaine just gave me a chance to get out and I didn't take it. (Points to himself) This is an idiot.

GEORGE: Is that right? (Showing him up) I just threw away a lifetime of guilt-free sex and floor seats for ever sporting event in Madison Square Garden. So please,

a little respect. For I am Costanza. Lord of the Idiots!

ROXANNE: (Yelling out the window) You're all winners!

GEORGE: But suddenly, a new contender has emerged..

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: (Into the phone) George, I didn't sleep at all last night.. I decided I have to tell her.. I'm just going to be honest. That's all.. Yes, I'm nervous.. Are you

listening to me? Just put some soap on your finger.. it'll slide right off.. Then try axle grease. (Kramer enters) I'll call you back after I talk to her. Bye.

KRAMER: Well, it's all taken care of. Everything's cool.

JERRY: What? What's cool?

KRAMER: Elaine.

JERRY: What are you talking about?

KRAMER: I just found a guy who's willing to pay ten thousand dollars for the apartment.

JERRY: You what?! Get out! Ten thousand?

KRAMER: (Nods) Cash.

JERRY: Who would pay that much?

KRAMER: He's in the music business.

JERRY: Elaine would never borrow that much money! (Hugs Kramer, then grabs him by the cheeks) Kramer, my God, man! This is beautiful! I think I'm in the clear

here. Elaine's not moving in! I don't have to confront her! She has no idea I never wanted her to move in.. I"m golden!

KRAMER: Well, occasionally, I like to help the humans.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Harold and Manny are in Jerry's apartment. A pulsing music is coming through the walls)

ELAINE: Wow. You're right. That is loud.

JERRY: It's just unbelievable.

ELAINE: They rehearse all the time?

JERRY: All the time. I've been up there six times. They refuse to stop. I can't live like this. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'm heading for breakdown! (To Harold)

Can't you do something?

HAROLD: I'm not going up. It stinks up there.

JERRY: Manny..

MANNY: (In Spanish) They're allowed to play until eleven o' clock.

HAROLD: I'm not the one who said eleven o' clock. He makes up his own rules.

ELAINE: Boy, too bad. If I was up there, you'd never hear a peep out of me. I'm as quiet as a mouse.

(Kramer enters)

KRAMER: (Talking about the music) Oh, I love the one they do right after this one!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I don't know. What do you do when a neighbor is making, like, a lot of noise at three o' clock in the morning? I mean, can you knock on someone's door

and tell them to keep it down? You're really altering your whole self-image, I mean, what am I? Fred Mertz now? What's happening to me? Can I do this? Am I a

shusher? I used to be a shushee. There's a lot of shushing going on in movie theaters. People are always shushing. Shh..shh.... shhh... shhh.. Doesn't work, 'cause

nobody knows where a shush is coming from. They just hear a Shh. "Was that a shush? I think somebody just shushed me." Some people you can't shush in a movie

theater. There's always that certain group of people, isn't it. They're talking and talking, and everyone around them is shushing them, and shushing them. They won't

shush. They're the unshushables.

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I have to tell you that I did some very exciting news recently, and I don't know if I should really tell you exactly what it is because it's really not a definite thing yet. Well, I will tell you what I know so far. According to the information that I have in the envelope that I've received, it seems that I may have already won some very valuable prizes. Well, thank you, thank you very much, well thank you. It's very nice to hear that. But, in all honesty, I have to say, I didn't even know I was in this thing. But, according to the readout, it looks like I am among the top people that they are considering. You know, that's what annoys me about the sweepstakes companies, they always tease you with that, "You may have already won." I'd like once for a sweepstakes company to have some guts, come out with the truth, just tell people the truth one time. Send out envelopes, "You have definitely lost!" You turn it over, giant printing, "Not even close!" You open it up, there's this whole letter of explanation, "Even we cannot believe how badly you've done in this contest."

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(George is reading the paper. Kramer and Jerry both try to enter carrying a large carton with the name Seinfeld on it)

JERRY: (Trying to get the box through the door. To Kramer) To the right. (They get it through)

GEORGE: That took awhile.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Don't get up.

GEORGE: I'd like to help, but my neck..

(The set the box on the table)

GEORGE: So how long has it been in the basement?

JERRY: Since my grandfather died. I was suppose to send it down to my parents in Florida, but they didn't want it. They told me to get rid of it, but I felt funny and then I sort of forgot about it. And it's been sitting down there for three years.. until he saw it. (To Kramer) Alright, so, just take what you want and let's get it out of here.

(They open the box, and start going through it)

GEORGE: What's in it?

JERRY: Grandpa clothes. I can't wear them.

KRAMER: (Pulls out some socks) You want these? Knee socks. You don't wear knee socks.

JERRY: No, go ahead. (Looks around his apartment) Look at this place. I can't wait to get it cleaned.

GEORGE: I know someone who'll do it. She's good. She's honest.

JERRY: No, Elaine got this writer friend from Finland, Rava. Her boyfriend goes to Columbia grad school, and he's suppose to do it.

GEORGE: Students can't clean. It's anathema. (Jerry's confused) ..They don't like it.

JERRY: How long have you been waiting to squeeze that into a conversation?

(Kramer pulls a statue out of the box)

KRAMER: Now this, I like.

(George's eyes light up when he sees the statue)

GEORGE: Wait a second. I can't believe this! Let me see this.

KRAMER: (Getting possesive) Wait, wait, wait..

GEORGE: Let me just see it.

KRAMER: Come on..

(The both grab it)

GEORGE: Let me just see it for a second. Oh my God, it's exactly the same!

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: When I was ten years old, my parents had this very same statue on the mantle of our apartment. Exactly. And, one day, I grabbed it, and I was using it as a microphone. I was singing, "MacArthur Park", and I got to the part about, "I'll never have that recipe again," and it slipped out of my hand and it broke. My parents looked at me like I smashed the ten commandments. To this day, they bring it up. It was the single most damaging experience in my life, aside from seeing my father naked.

(George grips the statue, but Kramer wont let go. They start to fight for it)

KRAMER: C'mon, George. I saw it first.

GEORGE: No, Kramer. I have to have this statue.

KRAMER: No, I got dibs!

GEORGE: What? No dibs! I need this statue. C'mon, give it!

JERRY: (Stepping in) Spread out, spread out you numbskulls. Why don't you just settle it like mature adults?

KRAMER: Potato man!

GEORGE: No, no, no potato man.. Inka-dink.

(Kramer and George both visibly add up in their heads to see who would lose if Inka-Dink was the way to go)

KRAMER: Okay.. start with me.

GEORGE: Yeah, good, good.

(Jerry begins the childish choosing game of Inka-dink, pointing alternately between Kramer and George with every syllable)

JERRY: Inka-dink, a bottle of ink. The cork fell out, and you stink. Not because you're dirty, not because you're clean - just because you kissed the girl behind the magazine.. (He lands on Kramer, then completes the rhyme) And you are it! (Lands on George)

KRAMER: What?! Wait a minute. No, no, no. What are you doing? No, no, oh, oh, okay. He's out. I get it.

GEORGE: No, no, no, no.. I'm "it". I win.

JERRY: No, he's it. He wins. "It" is good.

KRAMER: Do over - start with him.

JERRY: No, no, no, come on, Kramer. Now, you got the socks.

(Kramer tosses the statue to George)

KRAMER: Alright, you can have it. Okay, I'm gonna take the suit, and the shoes, and the hat.

JERRY: Alright, c'mon. Let's go.

KRAMER: Hey, I'll look like Joe Friday in Dragnet. (Hums out the theme song)

GEORGE: (In shock) I can't believe I won at Inka-dink.

JERRY: Come on, let's go. (They go to the door. George sets the statue down) Aren't you gonna take it?

GEORGE: No, no, no, I don't want to carry it around all night. I'll pick it up later.

GOERGE: (To Kramer) What about your stuff?

KRAMER: Oh, uh, well - okay. (Balls up the clothes he just got, and throws them into his apartment, and leaves)

JERRY: Alright, let's go. Hey, you know, you owe me one.

GEORGE: What?

JERRY: The Inka-dink.. you were "It".

GEORGE: "It"'s bad?

JERRY: "It" very bad.

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

RAVA: Well, if they don't let you be my editor on this book, I'll go to another publisher. It's that simple.

ELAINE: You told them that?

RAVA: Of course.

ELAINE: This is so fantastic. I don't know how to thank you.

(Jerry enters for the bedroom carrying luggage)

JERRY: (Frantic) So, where's this boyfriend of yours? I can't wait much longer. I've got a flight.

ELAINE: Oh, probably caught in traffic.

RAVA: (Serious) Or maybe he's dead.

JERRY: (Joking) So what do you write, children's books?

(There's a knock at the door)

RAVA: That's Ray.

(Ray enters with cleaning gear)

RAY: Ah, greetings, greetings, and salutations. I beg your forgiveness. My tardiness was unavoidable. Rava, my love. Elaine, my dear friend.. And you must be Jerry. Lord of the manor. Ah, my liege. A pleasure to serve you. (Bows)

JERRY: (Taken aback) ..Alright.

RAVA: And we have to get back to work. (She exits with Elaine)

JERRY: (Rushed) I gotta get to the airport.

RAY: Your place shall sparkle like the stars in heaven upon your save arrival, Sire.

JERRY: The toilet brush is under the sink.. (Exits)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I don't really feel that comfortable with a maid, either, because there's that guilt when you have someone cleaning your house. You know, you're sitting there on your sofa, and they go by with the vacuum, "I'm really sorry about this. I don't know why I let that stuff over there." And that's why I could never be a maid, because I'd have an attitude. I'd find them, whereever they are in the house, "Oh, I suppose you couldn't do this? No, don't get up, let me clean up your filth. No, you couldn't dust. No, this is too tough, isn't it?"

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: He really did an amazing job, look! He uncoagulated the top of the dishwashing liquid. (Opens refrigerator) He cleaned out the bottom of the little egg cups. Come here, look at this. (Gets on his knees) He cleaned the little one-inch area between the refrigerator and the counter. How did he get in there? He must be like Rubber Man!

ELAINE: There's no Rubber Man.

JERRY: ..Why did I think there was a Rubber Man? There's Elastic Man and Plastic Man.

ELAINE: I'm leaving.

JERRY: Where are you going?

ELAINE: To Rava's house. I've gotta pick up her manuscript.

JERRY: Wait. I'll go with you. (They both go tward the door. Jerry opens it) Elaine, he Windexed the little peep hole! (The leave)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Rava's apartment]

(Jerry, Elaine, and Rava sit in the living room)

ELAINE: (To Rava) So, the meeting with Lippman is all set. He's the editor-in-chief! I think because of your request..

RAVA: Demand. (The sound of locks being unlocked can be heard) There's Ray.. late as usual.

(Ray enters)

RAY: Well, this is an unexpected surprise - and Delight! The once and future king of comedy, "Jerry the First," gracing our humble abode. Rava, we're in the presence of royalty.

JERRY: Hey, Ray, listen, you really did a tremendous job cleaning that apartment.

RAY: But I didn't just clean your apartment. It was a ritual, a ceremony, a celebration of life.

JERRY: (Joking about his personality) Shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?

(They all laugh - Ray laughs longer than everyone else. Jerry savors the laughs of his big fan - then he sees George's statue on the mantle of the fireplace. He's stunned by the sight)

RAVA: The water is boiling. Are you having tea?

ELAINE AND RAY: Yes.

(Jerry's still stunned)

ELAINE: Jerry? ..Jerry!

JERRY: (Snaps out of it) What?

RAVA: (From the kitchen) Ray, would you give me a hand?

RAY: Yeah, I'm coming!

(He leaves. As soon as both Rava and Ray are in the kitchen, Jerry and Elaine start talking in loud whispers)

JERRY: (Points to the statue) I think that's the statue from my house. That looks like the statue from my house!

ELAINE: What statue?

JERRY: I had a statue!

ELAINE: You have a statue? I never saw a statue.

JERRY: My grandfather gave me a statue!

ELAINE: Since when?

JERRY: What's the difference?! That's the one! He ripped me off! This guy ripped me off!

(Ray pops his head back into the living room)

RAY: Do you take sugar?

JERRY AND ELAINE: Uhh.. no.

(Ray goes back into the kitchen)

JERRY: I can't believe it! This guy ripped me off!

ELAINE: Do you realize what you're saying?

JERRY: Yes! This guy ripped me off! He stole that statue right out of my house!

(Ray pops in again)

RAY: Lemon?

JERRY AND ELAINE: (Causual) Uh.. sure, yeah..

(Ray goes back into the kitchen)

ELAINE: Are you sure?

JERRY: Pretty sure! Ninety-nine percent sure.

ELAINE: Ninety-nine percent sure?!

(Ray and Rava both enter, carrying a tray of tea)

RAY: Ah, sweet elixir. It's fragrant nectar - a soothing balm for the soul.

(Jerry smells it suspiciously - like it's poisoned. A ding from the kitchen can be heard)

RAY: The pastries!

(Ray and Rava exit in different directions)

ELAINE: Maybe it just looks the same. Maybe it's just a coincidence.

JERRY: Coincidence? This guy's in my apartment and then, just by coincidence, he has the same exact statue in his apartment.

ELAINE: I never saw the statue.

JERRY: I had a statue! What should I do?

ELAINE: I don't know.

JERRY: ..I'll call Kramer. He can check my house. (Grabs the phone, and dials)

ELAINE: Oh Jerry, don't blow this for me.

JERRY: Don't worry.. (Whispering into the phone) Kramer! Kramer!.. It's Jerry!.. Jerry! .. from next door!.. Never mind where I am!.. Yes, Jerry Seinfeld!.. (Rava enters with a manuscript. Jerry starts talking casually)

Jerry: Ma, I told ya, just dip the bread in the batter, and put in right in the pan. Okay, bye. (Hangs up) My mother.. She forgot how to make French Toast. You know how mothers are.

RAVA: My mother left us when I was six years old. All seven of us. He ever heard from her again. I hope she's rotting in an alley somewhere.

(A long beat passes)

JERRY: My mom's down in Florida.. she's go one of those condos.. Hot down there in the summer. You ever been down there?

(Ray enters with a tray of pastries)

RAY: I love these pastries. You know, in Scandinavian mythology, the pastries were the food of the gods.

JERRY: ..Listen, I just remembered.. I'm ..uh, getting a facial.

ELAINE: (Takes the manuscript) Oh, see you tomarrow morning.

(They go to leave)

RAY: Oh, how about dinner?

JERRY: No, I don't eat dinner. Dinner's for suckers. (They leave)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: (On the phone) Uh huh.. yeah.. Okay, thanks anyway. Bye. (Hangs up) Nope, the cop says it's my word against his. There's nothing they can do.

KRAMER: Let's go get him.

JERRY: Yeah, right.

GEORGE: We can't just let him get away with this.

JERRY: Do you realize how crazy he had to be to do something like this? He knew I was gonna know it's missing, and he took it! And of all things to take - I left my watch, tape recorder, stereo. He's crazy.

KRAMER: You wanta go get him?

ELAINE: Well, then, if he's crazy you should just forget it.

GEORGE: Forget it? I already called my parents. I told them to expect the surprise of a lifetime. My mother's making her roasted potatoes!

ELAINE: George, do you realize that Rava's asked me to edit her book?

GEORGE: Who is this Rava?

KRAMER: I say we get him.

ELAINE: No!

GEORGE: Let me just call him.

JERRY: I'll call him. (Picks up the cordless phone. Kramer, George, and Elaine all struggle for control of the other - so they can listen in on the conversation. As Jerry's talking, the three others still fight) Hello, Ray? ..Hi, Ray, this is Rava's friend, Elaine's frined, Jerry.. The King of Comedy.. right. Listen, you know that statue on your mantle, the one with the blue lady? (To Kramer and George) Will you shut up?! (To Ray) Yeah, you don't want to talk about it over the phone? You don't want Rava to hear? ..Yeah, I understand.. You know that coffee shop near my house, Monk's? ..Alright, tomarrow. One o' clock. Great, okay, bye. (Hangs up)

ELAINE: (Scrambling) Alright, look, look, look, Let's say he stole it.

GEORGE: Oh, he stole it?

ELAINE: C'mon, you can't do anything about it. The cops won't do anything. What, are you going to fight him? Why don't you just.. forget it?

JERRY AND GEORGE: No.

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Coffee shop]

(Jerry sits alone. In the next booth to Jerry's back, George is sitting inconspicuously)

GEORGE: (To Jerry, without looking at him) I thought you said one o' clock.

JERRY: Relax, he's late. He's always late. It's part of his "M.O."

GEORGE: Remember, don't take any crap.

JERRY: Yeah, yeah.. don't worry about it.

GEORGE: I'll be right here.

(Ray enters)

JERRY: (Sarcastic) That's comforting.. Shh. He's here. (Greeting him) Ray?

RAY: (Stands next to the table) Oh, Jerry. I can't believe you asked me about that statue. Do you know how much trouble you could've got me into?

JERRY: ..Well, I didn't..

RAY: Rava was standing right next to me. I never told her where I got the statue.

GEORGE: (Muttering to himself) I wonder why.

JERRY: Well, just give it back, and I won't say anything.

RAY: Give it back?

JERRY: Yeah.

RAY: What are you talking about?

JERRY: What are you talking about?

GEORGE: (Muttering) What is he talking about..

RAY: I'm talking about the statue.

JERRY: Yeah, me too.

RAY: Give it back to whom?

JERRY: Me.

GEORGE: (To himself) Yeah, him.

RAY: You?

JERRY: Yeah. Me.

RAY: I'm not getting this.

GEORGE: (To himself) You already got it.

JERRY: Ray, I had a statue in my house. You were in my house - and then I saw it in your house.

RAY: What are you saying?

JERRY: What am I saying?

GEORGE: (To himself) Take a wild guess.

RAY: Are you saying I stole your statue?

GEORGE: (To himself) What a mind.

JERRY: Well, I..

RAY: I can't believe what I'm hearing.

JERRY: I can't believe what I'm hearing.

GEORGE: (to himself) I can't believe what I'm hearing.

RAY: For your information, I got that statue at a pawn shop.

GEORGE: (To Himself) A pawn shop?

JERRY: A pawn shop?

RAY: Yes. In Chinatown with the money I earned cleaning people's apartments.

GEORGE: (To himself) And cleaning them out.

(Jerry elbows George - a message to shut up)

JERRY: Oh, excuse me.. Look, Ray, you were the only person in my house.

RAY: What's behind this? It's Rava, isn't it?

GEORGE: (To himself) Again with the Rava.

RAY: You want her.

JERRY: (Joking) No, she's a little too cheery for me.

RAY: (Losing it) She's from Finland, for crying out loud. Finland! Do you understand?!

JERRY: I know Finland. They're neutral.

RAY: Is it me? Do I rub you the wrong way?

JERRY: No, I actually find you quite charming.. a bit verbose at times.

GEORGE: (Mocking) "Oh, I find you so charming" ..You wuss.

JERRY: (To George) Did you call me a wuss?

RAY: What did you say?

JERRY: I said luss.. I'm at a luss..

RAY: I would just love to take you down to the shop where I got it.

JERRY: That's not necessary. (George slams his menu down on the table in anger) You know, maybe it's not that bad an idea.

RAY: And I would love to. Nothing would please me more. But, unfortunately, the guy retired and moved to Singapore.

GEORGE: (Muttering to himself) Singapore?! Do you hear this?

RAY: If you really want, maybe I can contact the guy in Singapore aand have him make a photostat of the receipt and send it over.

GEORGGE: That's it! That's it! I can't take it. I can't take it anymore! (Gets up, turns around, and confronts Ray) You stole the statue! You're a theif! You're a liar!

JERRY: (Pleading) George.

RAY: (To Jerry) Who is this?

GEORGE: I'm the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is.. guilty!

RAY: What's going on here?

GEORGE: GUILTY!

RAY: Your friend is crazy.

GEORGE: Oh, I'm crazy!

JERRY: (Still pleading) George, george..

RAY: I've got to get going. I have a class.

GEORGE: Oh ho! Class, huh? At Columbia? Let me tell you something, pal. I called the registrar's office. I checked you out. They have no record of a Ray Thomas at that school! You liar!

RAY: Well, that's because I'm registered under my full legal name, Raymond Thomas Wochinski. Ray Thomas is my professional name.

GEORGE: You mean alias.

RAY: You are starting to make me angry.

GEORGE: Well, that was bound to happen!

RAY: (To Jerry) I hope you think about what you've done here today.. and if you want to call and apologize, you know where to reach me. (Goes to leave)

JERRY: Hey, Ray.

RAY: (Stops) Yes?

JERRY: How did you get the goop out of the top of the dishwashing liquid? It was like a brand-new nozzle!

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Pendant publishing]

(Elaine and Rava are waiting for an elevator)

ELAINE: Nervous?

RAVA: Why should I be?

ELAINE: Yeah. Right.

RAVA: Your notes are very insightful.

ELAINE: The book is great. Did you go out last night?

RAVA: No. We made love on the floor like two animals. Ray is insatiable.

ELAINE: They all are..

RAVA: Was Jerry?

ELAINE: I can't remember..

(Doors open. They step in)

RAVA: You know, Ray is very upset over these accusations.

ELAINE: Oh, well, I'm staying out of this one. This is between them. I am not getting involved.

(The doors close. Scene cuts to moments later, on another floor. The doors open)

RAVA: (Annoyed) So you think he stole it?!

ELAINE: Well, you have to admit.. the circumstantial evidence.

RAVA: I admit nothing!

(The doors close. Scene cuts to the inside of the elevator)

MAN: Will you put that cigarette out, please?

(Rava ignores him)

ELAINE: Well, I mean, he was in the apartment, and then it's gon and it's in your apartment.

RAVA: Maybe you think we're in cahoots.

ELAINE: No, no.. but it is quite a coincidence.

RAVA: Yes, that's all, a coincidence!

ELAINE: A big coincidence.

RAVA: Not a big coincidence. A coincidence!

ELAINE: No, that's a big coincidence.

RAVA: That's what a coincidence is! There are no small coincidences and big coincidences!

ELAINE: No, there are degrees of coincidences.

RAVA: No, there are only coincidences! ..Ask anyone! (Enraged, she asks everone in the elevator) Are there big coincidences and small coincidences, or just coincidences? (Silent) ..Well?! Well?!..

(Everyone just kinda shrugs, then murmurs. The doors open)

MAN: Will you put that cigarette out?!

RAVA: (Pointing the lit end at him) Maybe I put it out on your face! (To Elaine) It's just like Ray said - you and Jerry are jealous of our love. You're trying to destroy us.

ELAINE: Shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?

(The doors close. Scene cuts to another floor. The elevator is empty except for Elaine. There's a janitor's cart parked right outside the doors. She steps out, then throws the manuscript into the garbage can of the cart, and exits)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

GEORGE: (On the phone) Ma, will you stop?.. It's just a statue! How is it my fault?! ..It was stolen. I didn't even touch it this time.. Okay, fine. I don't se why this should affect to potatoes! Okay. Goodbye. (Hangs up) She doesn't react to disappointement very well.. unlike me.

KRAMER: I'm not happy about this.

ELAINE: Why don't we just throw a Molotov cocktail through their window?

GEORGE: There's just no justice. This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.

JERRY: Really?

GEORGE: (Casually) Sure. Why not?

ELAINE: Well, how do you think I feel? Instead of editing the first novel of a major young writing talent, I am proofreading a food allergy cookbook.

JERRY: Can't you talk to your boss?

ELAINE: I did. He loves Rava.. worse.. he loves Ray, and he doesn't think you're funny at all.

KRAMER: I'm not happy about this.

JERRY: Well, perhaps we can take comfort in the knowledge that in the next world, Ray will be the recipient of a much larger and more harsh brand of justice..

GEORGE: Yeah.. He'll have my parents!

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Rava and Ray's apartment]

(Ray's home alone. There's a knock at the door)

KRAMER: Police! Open up!

RAY: Police? (Opens the door a crack - Kramer barges in like a cop. He's wearing Jerry's grandfather's suit and hat. He forces Ray against the wall - face first)

KRAMER: Freeze, mother!

RAY: Hey..

(Kramer shoves him roughly against the wall)

KRAMER: Shut up. Spread 'em. I said spread 'em! (Looks around) You're in big trouble son. Burglary, grand larceny, possession of stolen goods.. and uh, uh.. murder.

RAY: Murder?!

(Kramer shoves him against the wall)

KRAMER: Shut up! Keep 'em spread! Just make love to that wall, pervert!

RAY: I think you have me confused with somebody else.

KRAMER: (Afraid he's got the wrong guy) Is your name Ray?

RAY: Yeah.

KRAMER: (Assured) Yeah, you're the punk I'm looking for. (Grabs the statue from the mantle, and puts it in his bag)

RAY: Hey, hey, are you a cop?

KRAMER: Yeah, I'm a cop. I'm a good cop. I'm a damn good cop! Today's your lucky day, junior, 'cause I'm gonna let you off with a warning. Any more of this criminal activity, and you'll be sorry. You got me?

RAY: Got you? I don't even know what the hell you're talking about.

KRAMER: Good. Good. Let's keep it that way. (Exits)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Kramer guides Jerry, Elaine, and George into the apartment)

JERRY: Alright, alright. What's the big hubbub, bub?

(Kramer runs to his apartment, then returns with a duffel bag. He places it on the table, and reveals the statue)

GEORGE: Kramer, I can't believe it. Oh, you're my hero!

KRAMER: Yeah.

JERRY: Kramer, what did you do?

KRAMER: Well, let's put it this way: I didn't take him to People's Court.

GEORGE: I feel like a huge weight's been lifted off my shoulders. (Giddily) I.. I.. I feel happy! Kramer, I don't know how to thank you!

KRAMER: Well, I'll think of something.. (Slaps George on the back - sending the statue crashing to the ground)

(Scene ends)
[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: People are going to steal from you. You can't stop them. But, everybody has their own little personal security things - things that they think will foil the crooks, you know? In your own mind, right? ..You go to the beach, go in the water, put your wallet in the sneaker. Who's gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? I tied a bow. They can't get through that. I put the wallet down by the toe of the sneaker. They never look there. They check the heel, they move on.

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: You know, I tell ya, I gotta say that I'm enjoying adulthood. For a lot of reasons. And, I'll tell you reason number one: as an adult, if I want a cookie, I have

a cookie, okay? I have three cookies or four cookies, or eleven cookies if I want. Many times I will intentionally ruin my entire appetite. Just ruin it. And then, I call

my mother up right after to tell her that I did it. "Hello, Mom? yeah, I just ruined my entire appetite.. cookies." So what if you ruin.. See, because as an adult, we

understand even if you ruin an appetite, there's another appetite coming right behind it. There's no danger in running out of appetites. I've got millions of them, I'll ruin

them whenever I want!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's sitting on his couch in the dark, watching TV)

TV VOICE: (Germanic) Look, Sigmund. Look in the sky. The planets are on fire. It is just as you prophesied. The planets of our solar system, incinerating. Like

flaming globes, Sigmund. Like flaming globes.. Ah, ha, ha, ha..

(Jerry's now asleep)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's bedroom]

(Jerry's laying in his bed. He wakes suddenly, picks up a pen and scribbles something down on a pad. He laughs, shakes his head, then goes back to sleep, laughing

to himself)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee shop]

(Jerry looks tired. He's staring at a crumpled piece of note paper. George takes out a cucumber from a bag in his pocket)

ELAINE: What do you got, a cucumber?

GEORGE: Yeah, so what?

ELAINE: You're bringing in an outside cucumber?

GEORGE: They refuse to put cucumber in the salad. I need cucumber.

JERRY: (Trying to read the note) What have I done? I can't read this! Ful-hel-mo-nen-ter-val? I got up last night, I wrote this down, I thought I had this great bit.

(Tries to focus on the paper) Wait a second, wait a second.. "Fax me some halibut." Is that funny? Is that a joke?

ELAINE: No. Let me see that. (Takes the paper from Jerry) Don't-mess-with-Johnny."

JERRY: Johnny? Johnny who? Johnny Carson? Did I insult Johnny on The Tonight Show?

ELAINE: (Joking) Did you mess with Johnny, Jerry?

GEORGE: Let me see that. (Studies the note)

ELAINE: Hey, where's Kramer?

JERRY: I don't know. That's like asking "Where's Waldo?"

GEORGE: (Still holding the note) I think I'm having a heart attack.

JERRY: I don't think that's it.

GEORGE: I'm not kidding.

JERRY: What does that mean?

ELAINE: I think what he's trying to say is that he's having a heart attack.

JERRY: Oh, he's having a heart attack.

GEORGE: Tightness..

JERRY: C'mon.

GEORGE: Shortness of breath..

JERRY: Oh, this is ridiculous.

GEORGE: Radiating waves of pain..

JERRY: I know what this is. You saw that show on PBS last night, Coronary Country. (To Elaine) I saw it in the TV Guide. I called him and told him to make sure

and not watch it.

GEORGE: There was nothing else on. Oh, the left arm.. the left arm.

JERRY: (To Elaine) He saw that show on anorexia last year, and ate like an animal for two weeks.

GEORGE: Why can't I have a heart attack? I'm allowed.

JERRY: So what do you want? You want me take you to the hospital?

GEORGE: Manhattan Memorial, less of a line.

JERRY: I'll call an ambulance. (Exits)

(A waitress approaches. George is dying, but the waitress doesn't seem to notice)

WAITRESS: Is everything alright?

GEORGE: We'll just take a check. (She leaves the check. George, in all his cheapness, can't help but to review the check. He finds an error) You made a mistake

on the..

ELAINE: George!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Hospital room]

(George lies in the bed. He has EKG cups on his chest, a tube up his nose, and an IV in his arm. The man in the neighboring bed seems to be in pain)

MAN: Ooohhh... Argghhh..

GEORGE: Are.. are you okay?

MAN: Ooooooohhh..

GEORGE: I'm George.. George Costanza.. I've never been in the hospital a day in my life.. except when I had my tonsils out. You know, they never gave me any

ice cream. I always felt that-

MAN: Shut up!

(Scene goes to Jerry. He's standing at the doorway, showing the note to a nurse)

JERRY: Well? What do you think?

NURSE 1: "Salami, salami, bologna." Definitely.

JERRY: "Salami salami bologna"?

DOCTOR: (In a hurry) Oh, your friend's fine. He didn't have a heart attack. I'll be in - in a few minutes.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) What a surprise. (Enters George's room overly sympathetic - leading George to think that the Doctor told Jerry something significant) Hey, how

ya doin' buddy? You need anything? Do you want me to go out and get you a Superman comic?

GEORGE: No, no thanks.

JERRY: (Still going along with the practical joke) You know, I was wondering.. You know that Black Hawks jacket you have?

GEORGE: Oh, sure, my Black Hawks jacket. I love my Black Hawks jacket.

JERRY: Well, you know, I was thinking - if things don't exactly work out..

GEORGE: Well, it wouldn't fit you. The sleeves are too short.

JERRY: No, I tried it on. It fits good.

GEORGE: Well, I didn't really think about what I was gonna do with all..

JERRY: Well, you know..

GEORGE: (Reluctantly) Well, okay.

JERRY: Oh, and.. do you think it would be alright if I called Susan Davis?

GEORGE: Susan Davis? (Getting possessive) Hey, wait a second..

JERRY: Well, it's not like we'd be bumping into you.

GEORGE: I don't know.. you and Susan Davis?

JERRY: You know, if your future was a little more certain..

GEORGE: Okay, go ahead. Call her, get married, have babies, have a great life.. What do I care? I'm finished. (Really depressed) It's all over for me. In fact, let's

end it right now. Jerry, kill me, kill me now. I'm begging you. Let's just get it over with. Be a pal.. Just take the pillow and put it over my face.

JERRY: Well, ah.. (Takes his pillow) What? Kind of like this? (Violently smothers George with the pillow. George freaks out. He didn't think Jerry would actually

do it)

GEORGE: What are ya doing?! Whadya, crazy?!

(Elaine enters - she gets a clear shot of Jerry's jokingly trying to kill George)

ELAINE: Jerry!

JERRY: (Acts like he was cought red-handed) Elaine, what are you doing here? (Takes the pillow off George, and puts it back on his bed)

GEORGE: (To Jerry) Jerk off.

(Jerry goes over to Elaine)

JERRY: (Whispering) There's nothing wrong with him. I saw the doctor. He's fine.

(They both go to George's bed. Elaine decides to go along with Jerry's joke)

ELAINE: Hi, George. How ya feeling? Is anybody getting your apartment?

(Jerry and Elaine both sit down, and have their own conversation. They completely ignore George)

GEORGE: I'll tell ya, if I ever get out of here, I'm gonna change my life. I'm gonna do a whole Zen thing. Take up yoga, meditate.. I'll eat right. Calm down, lose my

anger.. (Sees Jerry and Elaine aren't listening. He snaps) Hey, is anybody listening?!

(The doctor enters. Elaine and the doctor exchange an awkward, romantic glance)

DOCTOR: (To Elaine) Uh, hello. (To George) Uh, Mr. Costanza?

GEORGE: (Panicky) Uh, yeah. You know, Doctor, I gotta tell you, I feel a lot better.

DOCTOR: Well, we looked at your EKG's, ran some tests, did a complete work-up.

GEORGE: (Getting in a more panicked state) Oh God, Mommy!

DOCTOR: And you simply haven't had a heart attack.

GEORGE: (Relieved) I haven't? I'm okay? I'm okay? Oh, thank you, thank you, Doctor! I don't know how to thank you.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Hey, that was really fun, George. Can we go home now?

DOCTOR: No, actually, we'd like to keep him here overnight for observation, just to be safe.

GEORGE: Oh, sure. Sure, anything. Can you believe it? There's nothing wrong with me.

DOCTOR: Well, I wouldn't go that far.

GEORGE: (Starting to panic again) What? Oh my God. What? Is it meningitis? Scoliosis? Lupis?! Is it Lupis?!

DOCTOR: Have you ever had your tonsils taken out?

GEORGE: My tonsils? Yeah, when I was a kid.

DOCTOR: Well, they've grown back. Your adenoids are swollen too.

GEORGE: Really?

ELAINE: (Jokingly hits the doctor) Whose tonsils grow back? (Laughs)

DOCTOR: It happens.

JERRY: Yeah, if you've been exposed to gamma rays.

ELAINE: I still have my tonsils. Everyone in my family has their tonsils. In fact, we were forbidden to socialize with anyone who didn't have their tonsils.

DOCTOR: That's interesting. Because, no one in my family has their tonsils, and we were forbidden to socialize with tonsil people.

JERRY: (Sarcastically) Well, it's like the Capulets and the Montagues.

GEORGE: (Drawing attention back to him) Excuse me!

DOCTOR: Anyway, I strongly recommend they come out.

GEORGE: What? You mean with a knife?

DOCTOR: Yes. With a knife. You know, snip, snip. Anyway, you'd be completely under, you wouldn't feel a thing. And when you wake up, you can have some ice

cream.

GEORGE: (Angry) Yeah, that's what they told me the last time.

DOCTOR: Think about it. (Turns to leave, but runs into Elaine) Excuse me.

ELAINE: (Flustered) Oh, I'm sorry. (Doctor exits) I just.. have to ask that doctor one more question. (Leaves)

JERRY: Women go after doctors like men go after models. They want someone with knowledge of the body.. we just want the body.

(Kramer enters, eating off a tray of hospital food)

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: Boy, they got a great cafeteria downstairs. Hot food, sandwiches, a salad bar.. It's like a Sizzler's opened up a hospital! (Sits and starts eating) So, how

did you have a heart attack? You're a young man. What were you doing? Are they gonna do a zipper job? Oh, they love to do zipper jobs.

JERRY: (Trying to shut him up) Kramer.

KRAMER: The really bad thing about the heart is the sex thing. See, you gotta be careful about sex now. You get that heart pumping and suddenly, boom! Next

thing you know, you got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage.

JERRY: Kramer, George didn't have a heart attack.

KRAMER: No? That's good.

GEORGE: I have to have my tonsils taken out.

KRAMER: Oh man.. No.. George, we gotta get you outta here. Get out! Right now! They'll kill ya in here.

JERRY: (Trying to calm George down) It's routine surgery.

KRAMER: Oh yeah? My friend, Bob Saccomanno, he came in here for a hernia operation.. Oh yeah, routine surgery.. now he's sittin' around in a chair by a

window going, "My name is Bob" .. George, whatever you do, don't let 'em cut you. Don't let 'em cut you..

GEORGE: Well, what should I do, Kramer?

JERRY: Well, for one think, don't listen to him.

KRAMER: I'll tell you what to do, I'll tell you what to do. You go to Tor Eckman. Tor, Tor, he'll fix you right up. He's a herbalist, a healer, George. He's not just

gonna fix the tonsils and the adenoids, he is gonna change the whole way you function - body and mind.

JERRY: Eckman? I thought he was doing time?

KRAMER: No, no, he's out. He got out. See, the medical establishment, see, they tried to frame him. It's all politics. But he's a rebel.

JERRY: A rebel? No. Johnny Yuma was a rebel. Eckman is a nut. George, you want to take care of your tonsils, you do it in a hospital. With a doctor.

KRAMER: He's holistic, George. He's holistic.

GEORGE: Holistic.. that sounds right.

JERRY: George, you need a medical doctor.

GEORGE: (To Jerry) Let me ask you something.. How much do you think it would cost to have tonsils and adenoids removed in the hospital?

JERRY: Well, an overnight stay in a hospital? Minor surgery? I dunno, four grand.

GEORGE: Uh-huh. And how much does the healer charge?

KRAMER: First visit? Thirty-eight bucks.

GEORGE: Oh, yeah? Holistic.. that's what I need. That's the answer.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Healer's apartment]

(Jerry and George are sitting on huge pillows on the apartment floor. Kramers fiddling with an acupuncture model)

GEORGE: So, how do you like the way I talked you into comin' down here?

JERRY: Don't flatter yourself, my friend. I'm here strictly for material, and I have a feeling this is a potential gold mine.. I still think you're nuts, though.

GEORGE: All I know is I've been going to doctors all my life. What has it gotten me? I'm thirty-three years old. I haven't outgrown the problems of puberty, I'm

already facing the problems of old age. I completely skipped healthy adulthood. I went from having orgasms immediately to taking forever. You could do your taxes

in the time it takes me to have an orgasm. I've never had a normal, medium orgasm.

JERRY: (Jokingly making fun of George) I've never had a really good pickle.

GEORGE: Besides, what's it gonna cost me? Thirty-eight bucks?

(Tor enters. He hugs Kramer for a long time, then walks over to Jerry and George)

TOR: (To Jerry) Would you not put your foot on that please?

JERRY: Sorry.

(Tor sits down, and turns tward George)

TOR: What month were you born?

GEORGE: April.

TOR: You should have been born in August. Your parents would have been well-advised to wait.

GEORGE: Really?

TOR: Do you use hot water in the shower?

GEORGE: Yes.

TOR: Stop using it.

GEORGE: ..Okay.

KRAMER: I'm off hot water.

TOR: Kramer tells me that you are interested in an alternative to surgery.

GEORGE: Yes, yes I am.

TOR: (Blows into George's face) I think we can help you. See, unfortunately, the medical establishment is a business like any other business. And business needs

customers. And, they want to sell you their most expensive item which is unnecessary surgery.

GEORGE: (Still on the showers) Can I use hot water on my face?

TOR: No. You know, I am not a business man. I'm a holistic healer. It's a calling, it's a gift. You see, it's in the best interest of the medical profession that you remain

sick. You see, that insures good business. You're not a patient. You're a customer.

JERRY: (He thinks this, the audience can hear his thoughts) And you're not a doctor, but you play one in real life.

GEORGE: (Still on the hot water) What about shaving?

TOR: (To Jerry) You're eating too much dairy. (To George) May I? (Reaches over, and touches George's face)

GEORGE: I guess so.

TOR: (Feeling George's face) You see, you are in disharmony. The throat is the gateway to the lung. Tonsillitis, adenoiditis, is, in Chinese medical terms, and invasion

of heat and wind.

JERRY: (Again, we hear his thoughts) There's some hot air blowing in here..

TOR: You know, I lived with the Eskimos many years ago, and they used to plunge their faces into the snow.

GEORGE: (Once again, still on the shower) Could it be lukewarm?

JERRY: Too much dairy? You really think I'm eating too much dairy?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Doctor's car]

(The Doctor and Elaine are almost done with their date. the doctor is speaking seductively to Elaine while holding out her tongue)

DOCTOR: ..The tongue.. yes, the tongue.. or, in medical terms, the glossa. It's a muscular organ.. Consists of two parts.. the body, and the root.. You see, it's

covered by this mucous membrane.. These little raised projections are the papillae, which give it that furry appearance. Very tactile..

(The Doctor is still holding her tongue)

ELAINE: Uh-huh.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Healer's apartment]

TOR: (Pouring tea) Your tea is ready now. This will solve your so-called tonsil problem. It's a special concoction. It contains crampbark.

JERRY: I love crampbark.

TOR: Cleavers.

JERRY: Cleaver, I once had cleaver as a kid. I was able to lift a car.

TOR: And some couchgrass.

JERRY: Couchgrass and crampbark? You know, I think that's what killed Curly.

(Tor hands George the tea. George isn't willing to drink it right away. Jerry looks skeptical, Kramer, on the other hand, is enthusiastic)

KRAMER: Go ahead, drink it, George.

JERRY: Excuse me, Tor. May I ask you a question? You have intuitive abilities. You're in touch with a lot of this cosmic kind of things.. I have this note I can't read.

I was wondering if-

TOR: (Takes the note, then laughs when he reads it) Oh, yes.. yes.. "Cleveland 117, San Antonio 109.. (Hands note back to Jerry)

KRAMER: Go ahead, drink it, George.

GEORGE: (Takes a sip) Hey, it's not too bad..

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Ambulance]

(George's strapped down on a gurney. His face is purple, and he's screaming. Jerry and Kramer are trying to calm him down. The driver and the assistant in the

back are having a huge fight)

GEORGE: (In a state of hysteria) I'm an eggplant! I'm an eggplant! I'm a minstrel man!

DRIVER: (To Assistant) I didn't take your Chuckle, man!

ASSISTANT: I had five Chuckles. I ate a green one, and the yellow one, and the red one is missing!

DRIVER: I don't even like Chuckles!

JERRY: (To Assistant) Maybe he doesn't like them. That's possible.

GEORGE: My face! My face! Get me to the hospital!

ASSISTANT: I want that Chuckle! You hear me?!

JERRY: (To Assistant) I'll get you a Chuckle. You want me to get you a Chuckle?

ASSISTANT: (Angry, to Driver) Pull over!

DRIVER: Pull over? Did you say pull over?! You want a piece of me?!

ASSISTANT: Yeah!

JERRY: You're gonna fight?

GEORGE: Now?! I'm a mutant!

KRAMER: (To Driver) Hey, let me drive.

ASSISTANT: Come on, man. Pull over!

DRIVER: Alright! I'm gonna mess you up, man!

(Ambulance comes to a screeching halt. Driver gets out, and the assistant heads for the back door)

JERRY: (Pleading) Really, gentlemen, please.

GEORGE: My heart! My heart! (To Assistant) Where you going? Are you crazy?!

ASSISTANT: I'm gonna kick his ass.

KRAMER: (To Assistant) Hey, you have keys?

GEORGE: You can't leave! This is an ambulance! This is an emergency!

(The Assistant leaves. Jerry, Kramer, and George watch the two fight)

JERRY: All this for a Chuckle.

KRAMER: What's a Chuckle?

JERRY: It's a jelly candy. it comes in five flavors.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Doctor's car]

(He's still holding Elaine's tongue)

DOCTOR: You see, taste buds run on grooves along the surfaces.

ELAINE: Can you let go of my tongue now?

DOCTOR: What?

ELAINE: Let go of my tongue!

DOCTOR: (Lets go) Oh, sorry.

ELAINE: Well, I should get going.. (The Doctor leans in for a kiss. Elaine stops him) What are you doing?

DOCTOR: I was going to kiss you good night.

ELAINE: A kiss? With the tongue? The glossa with the bumps and the papillae? ..Yech, I don't think so. (Leaves)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Ambulance]

(It's now moving. The driver's behind the wheel, but the assistant is nowhere in sight)

JERRY: You just can't leave him out there.

DRIVER: I told him I was gonna mess him up.

KRAMER: Well, can you call him an ambulance?

DRIVER: I told him I didn't take his Chuckle. I don't eat that gooey crap!

KRAMER: hey, watch the road! Watch the road, man!

DRIVER: (Turns back, facing Kramer) Hey, man, you want some of what he got?!

JERRY AND KRAMER: Watch out!

(The Ambulance crashes into something)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Hospital room]

(George is in the bed, watching TV, wearing a neck brace. Jerry enters limping and wearing a neck brace, also. He talks to George, but George can't respond

verbally)

JERRY: How ya doing? (George nods) Can't talk? (George shakes his head. Jerry gestures to his brace) Hey, how'd you get the plastic one? (George raises his

eyebrows) I like that. (George sticks his tongue out) So how's life without tonsils? (George quickly indicates with his arm that he wants ice cream) What? What's

that? ..So, how much is this thing gonna cost you now? Like, five, six thousand?.. (George signals that it's more) Well, live and learn.. at least we lived. Kramer went

to Eckman.. He feels better alreadyy.. (George motions for ice cream again) What are you doing?

(Elaine enters)

ELAINE: Oh, poor George. Oh, I'm sorry, but I can't stay long. I don't want to run into Doctor Tongue.. Here, I brought you something. (Takes out a pint of ice

cream. George gets excited) Oh, please, come on.. it was nothing.

(Nurse enters)

JERRY: Hey, check the TV.

(The TV is showing the same exact movie Jerry was watching at the start of the show)

TV VOICE: (Germanic) It's just as you prophesied. The planets of our solar system, incinerating. Like flaming globes, Sigmond. Like flaming globes. Ah, ha, ha, ha..

JERRY: (Pulls the note out of his pocket) That's it! That's it! Flaming globes of Sigmond! Flaming Globes of Sigmond! That's my note! tha'ts what I thought was so

funny?! ..That's not funny.. There's nothing funny about that.

MAN IN NEIGHBORING BED: Shut up!

(George throws the whole carton of ice cream over the separating curtan)

MAN: Aaahhhgggg!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I have a friend who's a hypochondriac, always thinks he's sick - never is. And they, you have another type of person, always thinks they're well, not matter

how bad they really are. You know this type of person? Very annoying. "Feel great.. like being on the respirator.. intravenous heart/lung machine. I never felt better

in my life." Medical science is making advances every day in control health problems. In fact, it's probably only a matter of time before a heart attack, you know,

becomes like, a head ache. We'll just see people on TV going, "I had a heart attack this big (Holds out hands, gesturing bigness) ..but, I gave myself one of these.

Clear! (Puts imaginary electrode panels to his chest) Brrhht.. and it's gone!"

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: Men flip around the television more than women, I think. Men get that remote control in their hands, they don't even know what the hell they're watching.

You know, we just keep going, "Rerun, don't wanna watch it.. " "What are you watching?" "I don't care, I gotta keep going." "Who was that?" "I don't know what it

was - doesn't matter, it's not your fault. It doesn't matter, I gotta keep going." Women don't do this. See now, women will stop and go, "Well, let me see what the

show is before I change the channel." You see? Men just fly. Because women, you see, women nest and men hunt. That's why we watch TV differently. Before

there was flipping around, before there was television, kings and emperors and pharaohs and such had story-tellers that would tell them stories 'cause that was their

entertainment. I always wonder, in that era, if they would get, like, thirty story-tellers together so they could still flip around. Just go, "Alright start telling me a story,

what's happening? I don't want to hear anymore. Shut up. Go to the next guy. What are you talking about? Is there a girl in that story? ..No? Shut up. Go to the next

guy. What do you got? I don't want to hear that either. Shut up. No, go ahead, what are you talking about?.. I don't want to hear that. No, the all of you, get out of

here. I'm going to bed."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee shop]

GEORGE: (Shocked) She's pregnant? Leslie is pregnant?! Oh, see, there is no justice.

JERRY: She's the performance artist, right?

GEORGE: (Sarcastic) Yeah, performance artist. She's a real performer. A real trooper.

JERRY: What's her husband's name, again? Chip? Kip? Skip?

ELAINE: Todd.

JERRY: Todd. Oh yeah. (To George) He's a Kennedy.

ELAINE: No, he's not.

JERRY: C'mon. He's a third cousin, or something.

ELAINE: By marriage.

JERRY: Oh, by marriage. (To George) We went to their wedding. You should have heard him talking about Chappaquiddick - trying to blame the whole thing on

bad directions.

GEORGE: That woman was unequivocally the worst date of my life.

ELAINE: Oh, pardon me for trying to set you up with a beautiful, intelligent woman.

GEORGE: What, you don't think I can attract beautiful, intelligent women?

JERRY: Thin ice, George. Thin ice..

GEORGE: (Sarcastic) Maybe for her new performance piece she'll give birth on stage.

ELAINE: She stopped performing.

GEORGE: (Again, sarcastic) Oh, what a huge blow to the culture.

JERRY: (Gesturing to George) You believe this guy? He holds a grudge like Khomeini.

GEORGE: She dragged me down to that warehouse on the waterfront in Brooklin to see one of her "performances".

JERRY: Oh, and she cooks dinner onstage for some celebrity?

GEORGE: God! She's cooking dinner for God! She's yelling and screaming, and the next thing I know, she throws a big can of chocolate syrup all over my new red

shirt.

ELAINE: It was an accident!

GEORGE: Oh, yeah, sure, accident, right. She was aiming right at me like she was putting out a fire! Then, for the rest of the show, I'm sitting there with chocolate all

over my shirt. Flies are landing on me. I'm boiling - I'm fantasizing all the things I'm gonna say when I see her. And later, finally, backstage when I talk to her, I'm a

groveling worm. "What kind of chocolate was that? Do you throw any other foods?"

JERRY: (To Elaine) he thought he still had a shot.

GEORGE: And then, then, then she leaves with somebody else! Never even, never even said goodbye! Never called me back.. Never apologized. Nothing. Like I

was dirt.

JERRY: What ever happened with the shirt?

GEORGE: I still have it. The collar's okay. I wear it under sweaters.

ELAINE: I don't know what I'm gonna do. She asked me to give her a baby shower.

JERRY: Asked you? You're not going to do that are you?

ELAINE: anyone else, never. But, Leslie - I have a problem saying no to. For some reason, I seem to want her approval.

GEORGE: Let Maria Shriver give her a baby shower.

JERRY: Ask not what I can do for you - ask what you can do for me.

GEORGE: (Germanic) Ich bin ein sucker.

ELAINE: Oh, would you two stop with the Kennedys? Why does everybody make such a big deal about he Kennedys? What is this fascination?! Who cares?! It's

all so boring..

GEORGE: She doesn't deserve a baby shower. She deserves a baby monsoon. She deserves Rosemary's baby!

ELAINE: (To Jerry) I do have one teeny little problem, though.

GEORGE: Never said goodbye. Never apologized. Nothing.

ELAINE: See, I was gonna give the shower in my apartment..

JERRY: But?

ELAINE: My roommate has Lyme disease.

JERRY: Lyme disease? I thought she had Epstein-Barr Syndrome?

ELAINE: She has this in addition to Epstein-Barr. It's like Epstein-Barr with a twist of Lyme disease.

JERRY: How did she get Lyme disease?

ELAINE: I don't know. She did some outdoor version of Hair in Danbury, Connecticut.

JERRY: They still do that play?

ELAINE: It's a classic.

JERRY: With all the nudity?

ELAINE: I guess. She must've rolled over on a tick during the love-in.

GEORGE: (Still mad a Leslie) Never said goodbye. Goodbye!

JERRY: Explain to me how this baby shower thing works.

ELAINE: What do you wanna know?

JERRY: Well, I mean, does it ever erupt into a drunken orgy of violence?

ELAINE: Rarely.

JERRY: There's no hazing of the fetus, or anything, is there?

ELAINE: No.

JERRY: When is this suppose to be?

ELAINE: Saturday.

JERRY: Saturday?.. Well, I have a show in Buffalo on Saturday. They're not gonna bust up my apartment, or anything, are they?

ELAINE: I'll take full responsibility. You won't regret it.

JERRY: 'Cause I've seen these pregnant women - and they sometimes misjudge their fetal girth. Just like one wrong turn, and boom! And entire buffet is swept off

the table.

GEORGE: Someday, before I die, mark my words - I'm gonna tell that woman exactly what I think of her. I'll never be able to forgive myself until I do.

JERRY: And if you do?

GEORGE: I still won't be able to forgive myself - but at least it won't be about this.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's TV's not giving a clear picture. He messes with the dials as Kramer looks over his shoulder)

KRAMER: What are you doing this for? Look at you..

JERRY: Quiet. I'm trying to get a picture.

KRAMER: But you don't have to do this! This guy is waiting in my house.

JERRY: (Pleading) Leave me alone.

KRAMER: It's a one-time fee. A hundred and fifty bucks. Why live like this?!

JERRY: I'm not getting illegal cable!

KRAMER: Oh, so what are you gonna do? You gonna wait for the cable companies to resolve their dispute? They're gonna be in court for years.

JERRY: No, I read in the paper..

KRAMER: (Sarcastic) Oh, oh, the paper..

JERRY: Well, they might hook us up again.

KRAMER: Oh, God, you're so naive! All the cable companies care about is the "Big Mammoo." (Jerry wacks the TV) Oh, look at you! You're banging things..

Pathetic. Just wasting your life. I'm offering you fifty-six channels - movies, sports, nudity. And it's free! For life!

JERRY: Stop shouting! You're ruining the reception.

KRAMER: Can you hear yourself? Can, can, do you know what you're saying?!

JERRY: What you're suggesting is illegal.

KRAMER: It's not illegal.

JERRY: It's against the law.

KRAMER: Well, yeah.

JERRY: (Gesturing to the rabbit ears) Just, just, hold this. Can you hold that?

KRAMER: (Holding the rabbit ears) Look, will you at least let me bring the guy over? He's an amazing man. He's a Russian immigrant. He escaped the Gulag. He's

like the Sakharov of cable guys.. He'll slow down your gas meter. He sells slugs, Jerry. Slugs for the subway.

JERRY: A real human rights nut, huh?

KRAMER: Yeah. He's intense, man.

JERRY: I don't know. What if I get caught?

KRAMER: Oh, you're not gonna get caught. Look, let me get him. Man, it's the nineties, it's Hammer time! Come on, just let me get him.

(Kramer drops the rabbit ears, and goes to his apartment. He then returns with a Russian cable guy - Anatoly Tabachnick, and his assistant. Tabachnick mumbles,

shakes, laughs, then wanders around the apartment. Jerry looks confused)

JERRY: You know, why don't we wait? Because, I'm going out of town tomarrow.

TABACHNICK: Tomarrow okay.

KRAMER: No problem. Yeah, you'll have the whole thing installed by the time you get back.

JERRY: (Mutters to himself) Every time I turn on the TV, sirens are gonna go off. They're gonna track me down like a dog, I know it..

KRAMER: No, no, now look now, Jerry, Jerry, it's no risk. I swear. The Mets have seventy-five games on cable this year..

JERRY: (Pauses, thinking about what Kramer just said) Put it in.

KRAMER: You won't regret it. (Jerry mutters some more, Kramer rubs his hands together in anticipation, then starts dancing around with a reluctant Jerry) Jerry's

gonna be a cable boy, a cable boy, a cable boy..

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry enters carrying luggage. A group of nem in suits are waiting for him)

MAN: Mr. Steinfeld?

JERRY: Seinfeld.

MAN: We're with the FBI. You wanna tell us about your cable hook-up?

JERRY: My cable hook-up? What about it?

MAN: It's been illegally installed, Mr. Steinfeld.

JERRY: It has? I've been out of town. How did you know?

(An agent leads Kramer out of the bedroom into the living room)

KRAMER: Jerry, I had to tell them. I had to. I had no choice. They were onto the scam from the very beginning.

MAN: You're in serious trouble, Mr. Steinfeld.

JERRY: Wait a minute. Wait a minute, hold on! We're just patsies. We're just a couple of users.. We never sold the stuff. What about the Russian guy? The Russian

guy is the guy you want.

(Tabachnick steps out of the bedroom. He's dressed like the other FBI men, and speaks without an accent now)

TABACHNICK: Mr. Seinfeld, Agent Stone. FBI. Undercover.

(Jerry looks around for an excape, then makes a mad dash for the door)

KRAMER: No! Jerry! (The FBI agents open fire. Jerry's gunned down by a hailstorm of bullets. Kramer leans next to a fallen Jerry, cupping Jerry's head in his

hands) Cable boy, cable boy.. What have you done to my little cable boy?..

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Airplane]

(Jerry shudders when looking back on his dream. A stewardess approaches)

JERRY: Excuse me. Can I get something to drink?

STEWARDESS: I'm afraid not.

JERRY: What's with this airline? What are you, cutting out the drinks now?

STEWARDESS: No sir. We're flying into a blizzard. Please fasten your seat belt. We're making an emergency landing.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Are they gonna go over the instructions again?

(The passenger, Bill, next to him offers his hand)

BILL: My name is Bill. I might be the last person you ever see.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I'm not afraid of flying, although many people do have fear of flying and, I have no arguement with that. I think fear of flying is quite rational because, human

beings cannot fly. Humans have fear of flying same way fish have fear of driving. Put a fish behind the wheel, and they go, "This isn't right. I shouldn't be doing this. I

don't belong here."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: George's car]

(George is driving while wearing an unzipped coat, and a sweater with a bright red collar under it. Jerry's riding shotgun)

GEORGE: Sounds like a rough trip.

JERRY: Oh, fire engines, ambulances all along the runway. And then, when we landed safely, they all seemed so disappointed.

GEORGE: So, the college cancelled the gig?

JERRY: Well, there was so much snow. The roads were closed. I really appreciate it - you picking me up. Thanks again.

GEORGE: (Modestly) Forget it.

JERRY: No, really.. an airport run.

GEORGE: It's nothing.

JERRY: Hey, it's one thing if I asked you "Could you do me a favor?" ..But to suggest it?.. GEORGE: (Obviously up to something. Jerry doesn't suspect anything -

yet) Whey you told me what you went through on the plane, it makes you stop and think. You appreciate having a real friend.

JERRY: (Joking) You know, if Richie Brandes did this, I'd be suspicious, you know. He's always got some ulterior motive.

GEORGE: (Laughs nervously) ..Ulterior motive.

JERRY: Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't take the bridge.. Get off here. We can't go back to my place, Elaine's having the shower.

GEORGE: (Obviously knows that, but pretends he doesn't) What, tonight? Now?

JERRY: Yeah, yeah. I forgot all about it. Alright, it's no big deal. We'll just go back to your place.

GEORGE: My place? NO, no, no. I hate my place. I don't wanna go back to my place.

JERRY: You want to get a bite?

GEORGE: Yeah, I would. It's just, you know, I just ate a whole pot roast.

JERRY: Well, so what should we do?

GEORGE: Shouldn't we at least drop off your bag?

(Jerry's suddenly suspicious. He notices George's red collar, then reaches over and pulls the sweater down)

JERRY: Red shirt! Red shirt! That's the red shirt!

GEORGE: (Nervous) What are you talking about?

JERRY: You're wearing the chocolate shirt!

GEORGE: I am? What a strange coincidence..

JERRY: A - Ha! Nice try, my friend, but you gotta get up pretty early in the morning..

GEORGE: (Pleading) You gotta let me go over there.

JERRY: What are you gonna do? Badger a pregnant woman at her own baby shower?! What are you, gonna take it off and make her rinse it in club soda?

GEORGE: No, I'm gonna hold it under her nose so she can smell the scent of stale Bosco that I had to live with for three years, and I'm gonna say, "Remember this

shirt, baby?! Well, now, it's payback time!"

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Leslie is talking to a group of people, including Elaine)

LESLIE: We just bought an apartment on Riverside Drive. Bernard Goetz's mother used to live there.

ELAINE: So, where's Todd?

LESLIE: Up in Hyannisport.

ELAINE: Oh my God, Hyannisport? With the Kennedys? Who else is up there? Is Rose up there?!

WOMAN: (To Leslie) So, when's your due date?

LESLIE: March twentieth, nine a.m.

WOMAN: You know the time!

LESLIE: I'm having a planned C-section. My therapist told me if I go through labor, I might get psychotic.

ELAINE: Leslie, Leslie, whatever happened to Sargent Shriver? Is he still with them? You don't hear much about him these days. Is he out of the loop?

LESLIE: (Takes a bite of food) Elaine, who catered this, Sears?

(Kramer bursts through the door, followed by Tabachnick and his assistant. Tabachnick looks over a woman, and nods approvingly. The woman freeze at the sight,

then disperse nervously)

ELAINE: (Whispering to Kramer) What is this?! What are you doing here?

KRAMER: We're putting in cable.

ELAINE: The cable? No, no, no. I'm having a party here. You can't do this now!

KRAMER: Oh, we have to do this now.

(Tabachnick and his assistant are leering at the women)

ELAINE: Who's this guy?

KRAMER: Which one?

ELAINE: Both of the them.

KRAMER: Oh, they're Soviet Cable guys.

ELAINE: Okay.. Does Jerry know about this?

KRAMER: Oh yeah.. it's all authorized, yeah.

ELAINE: You can't! You can't do this now!

KRAMER: Elaine, do you know how booked up this guy is? Now, if I send him away now, it's gonna take Jerry months to get him back.. He won't like that.

ELAINE: Alright. Just do it fast and then get out.

KRAMER: (Snaps his fingers) Anatoly! (The Russians get to work on command. To Elaine) Look, it's gonna take a few minutes.. Then, you and the gals can take a

load off and watch something on Lifetime.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: George's car]

JERRY: And what if we go up there? What are you going to say to her?

GEORGE: (Boiling) What am I going to say?!

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: What did you go out with me for?! Just to dump chocolate on my shirt and then just dump me altogether?! I don't deserve that kind of treatment! What,

you don't have the common courtesy to return my calls?! To apologize! You think I'm some sort of a loser, that likes to be abused and ignored?! Who's shirt can be

ruined without financial restitution?! Some sort of a masochist who enjoys being humiliated? You think you can avoid me like I have some sort of disease?! You have

the disease! You have the disease! You may be beautiful and rich and physically .. just .. unbelievable, but you sicken me! You disgust me! You and everyone like

you!

JERRY: You'll never say that to her face.

GEORGE: Watch me.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

KRAMER: (Flirting with a female guest) Yeah, I eat the whole apple. The core, stem, seeds, everything.

ELAINE: (To Kramer) Kramer, Kramer, look at him. (Gestures to Tabachnick) Look! He's eating all the food!

KRAMER: Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, there are many differences between American and Soviet cultures that you're not aware of. See, in Russian, the cable guy,

they got the whole run of the house. Yeah, that's tradition. (Turns back to the woman) Did you ever eat the bark of a pineapple?

(Tabachnick and his assistant start to argue, then they start fighting)

ELAINE: Kramer!

KRAMER: (Trying to break up the fight) Uh.. Excuse me..

(Everyone's watching the fight. Kramer breaks it up. Tabachnick walks to the bathroom while his assistant returns to work. Tabachnick bangs on the door, and

shouts in Russian. A woman finally gets out. Tabachnick gets into the bathroom and slams the door shut. Jerry and George enter. Elaine runs up to greet them)

ELAINE: What are you doing here? I thought you were out of town for the weekend.

JERRY: The show was cancelled. There was a blizzard.

ELAINE: I can't believe you told Kramer it's okay to put the cable in during the shower! Jerry, look,, look! They've eaten everything.

(Leslie approaches them)

LESLIE: Jerry, what a surprise! I thought you sere out of town.

JERRY: Well, Leslie, sometimes the road less travelled is less travelled for a reason.

ELAINE: (Speaking confidentially to George) George, don't even think about it! Don't even dream about it!

GEORGE: (Unconvincingly coy) About what?

TABACHNICK: (Sticks his head out the door) Kramer, Kramer, Kramer..

(Kramer rushes over, and quickly closes the bathroom door as Tabachnick joins his assistant at the food table. George is ready for Leslie - he takes off his sweater,

revealing the chocolate stain. He walks over to Leslie)

GEORGE: Leslie.

LESLIE: Yeah?

GEORGE: George.. (She doesn't seem to recognize him) George Costanza.

LESLIE: Hi.

GEORGE: (Laughs) You, I guess, you don't remember me.. but we actually, kind of um.. went out.. a couple of years ago.. once.. remember?

LESLIE: Vaguely.

GEORGE: You took me to one of your shows..

LESLIE: And?

GEORGE: And, um, it was quite good. In fact, you even incorporated me into the show. I'm not actually a performer. Although, my parents felt I had talent..

(Scene cuts to Jerry)

MARY: Jerry?! (A woman, angry at Jerry, approaches him. Jerry looks confused) Remember me?

JERRY: I'm sorry, I..

MARY: (Livid) Mary Contardi. No? Doesn't ring a bell, Jerry? We had a date, three years ago. You took me to one of your shows.

JERRY: (Stammering) Oh, I, I, think I remember..

MARY: Told me you had a great time! Said you'd call me the next day.

JERRY: Well, I'm sure I meant to call.. I probably just lost your..

MARY: Liar! Liar! You were never going to call me! You thought you could waltz throught the rest of your life and never bump into me again! But you were wrong,

Jerry! You were wrong! What do you think, I'm some sort of poor, pathetic wretch?!

JERRY: No, I don't think that..

MARRY: Some person who could be dismissed and ignored?! Some insignificant piece of dust?! Some person who doesn't deserve your respect and your

attention?! You're the one that doesn't deserve my respect and my attention! You're the insignificant piece of dust!

(She feigns, spitting on the floor near Jerry's shoes, and storms out. Scene cuts to George. Leslie's bored to death)

GEORGE: Actually, I never had any formal training. I guess I'd be better suited for improvs, or something..

(Mary runs for the door, pushing Leslie into George. Her chocolate cake is now all over George's shirt)

LESLIE: Thanks a lot!

(Scene cuts to the front door. Elaine is saying goodbye to a few women who are rushing out the door)

ELAINE: I'm sorry you have to go.

WOMAN: Yeah. I really have to be going.

(Scene cuts to Jerry. He notices the cable guys)

JERRY: Alright, listen, I've changed my mind about this whole thing. I don't want cable.

KRAMER: Don't be a fool.

TABACHNICK: You don't want?

JERRY: No, I don't want. So, just tell me what I owe you for your trouble..

TABACHNICK: (Confers with his assistant, then) Four hundred dollars.

JERRY: (To Kramer) Four hundred dollars?1 You told me one-fifty!

(Scene cuts to Elaine by the door. Leslie has her coat on, and is ready to leave)

LESLIE: I'm going.. obviously.

ELAINE: Oh, Leslie, I am so sorry about everything that went on here tonight. You know, I had no idea..

LESLIE: Elaine, you know, I was watching you tonight, and I realized something. You're just like you were in college.

ELAINE: (Not sure if it was an insult or a compliment) Oh, thank you. (Leslie leaves. Then Elaine wonders to herself) "Like you were in college"?

LESLIE: (Comes back, and yells in the direction of the bedroom) Come on! Let's go!

(George comes out from the bedroom, carrying all the shower gifts - embarrassed)

GEORGE: (Sheepishly to Elaine) I'll be right back. (Leaves)

JERRY: (Defiantly) I'm not paying four hundred dollars! I don't even want the thing. What are you going to do?!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's TV screen is cracked. George and Elaine are slumped on chairs)

GEORGE: Every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life. And yet, I want them all.. is that irony?

ELAINE: Why can't I meet a Kennedy? ..I saw John Junior once downtown. I was on a bus. I hit the ding, but.. it didn't stop.

JERRY: Alright, I said I had a good time and I'd call, but who takes that literally?

KRAMER: (Pops his head into Jerry's apartment) Hey, come on over, Dr. Zhivago's on cable in five minutes.. I'm making popcorn! (Leaves)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: What do you do at the end of a date when you know you don't want to see this person ever again, for the rest of your life? What do you say? What do you

say? No matter what you say, it's a lie. "I'll see you around. See you around. If you're around, and I'm around, I'll see you around that area. You'll be around other

people. You won't be around me. But you will be around." "Take care now." Did you ever say that to somebody? "Take care now. Take care, now. Because, I'm

not going to be taking care of you. So, you should take care, now." "Take care. Take care." What does this mean? "Take off!" Isn't that what you really want to say?

"Take off now."

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I'm not a foodie. I don't, "Oh, this is too rare. Oh, it's too salty." Just eat it and shut up. I'll eat anywhere, whatever they're having. I have eaten rotten rolls

off of room service trays in hotel hallways. I have. It's not a joke. This is my life. I don't know, somebody left it. Why would someone poison a roll, and leave it in a

hallway for some comic coming down at two o' clock in the morning? Why would they do that? Sometimes you go to a nice restaurant, they put the check in a little

book. What is this? The story of the bill? "Once upon a time, there were some very hungry people.." What is this? A little gold tassle hanging down? Am I graduating

from the restaurant? What is this about?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: A restaurant]

(Jerry, George, and Elaine are all eating at an Italian restaurant. George hasn't eaten anything)

ELAINE: Do you want some of mine?

JERRY: Take some of mine.

GEORGE: Why do I get pesto? Why do I think I'll like it? I keep trying to like it, like I have to like it.

JERRY: Who said you have to like it?

GEORGE: Everybody likes pesto. You walk into a restaurant, that's all you hear - pesto, pesto, pesto.

JERRY: I don't like pesto.

GEORGE: Where was pesto 10 years ago?

JERRY: (Gesturing to a man) Look at that guy. (Elaine starts to look, but Jerry stops her) I'll bet you he's gettin' hair transplants. Any time you see a guy that age

wearing a baseball cap, ten to one - plugs.

ELAINE: (Elaine turns to look at the man, trying to make it sound like they aren't talking about him) The thing about that painting.. is with the colors and um.. (Turns

back to Jerry) Oh yeah, plugola.

(George has started eating Elaine's food - and continues to do so)

JERRY: (To Elaine) Oh, one more thing about the car. Let it warm up for a minute.

GEORGE: That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.

JERRY: I don't understand why he couldn't take a cab.

GEORGE: Who?

JERRY: Elaine is having a "houseguest." She's picking him up at the airport tonight.

GEORGE: A guy?

ELAINE: (Slightly embarrassed) Yes, a guy.

JERRY: He's from a.. Yakima, right?

ELAINE: Seattle.

JERRY: Everybody's moving to Seattle.

GEORGE: It's the pesto of cities. So..?

ELAINE: (To Jerry) You tell him.

JERRY: Well, from what I can piece together, our friend here met a gentleman.

ELAINE: Ed.

JERRY: Who was in town on a business venture, and um..

ELAINE: ..We shared an interpersonal experience. (George hits his glass with his fork. To Jerry) Go on.

JERRY: So they went out a few times, but apparently, when the fellow returned home, he discovered that the Benes tattoo does not wash off so easily.

ELAINE: On some people.

GEORGE: Oooh.

JERRY: So, he's coming in to stay with her for a week.

ELAINE: It was just gonna be a weekend, but then somehow it became a week.

(The menu at a neighboring table catches fire. Elaine quickly picks up a wine glass - about to put it out, but George tosses the menu on the floor, and stomps it out.

The manager approaches)

MANAGER: What happened?

GEORGE: Oh, the busboy left the menu a little close to the candle.

MANAGER: Sorry to the disturbance.

ELAINE: (Joking, she snobbishly says) I'm never eating here again.

(Manager leaves)

JERRY: (Pats George on the back) Nice going. Thank you, that ought to get us a free dessert.. (They can see the manager chewing the busboy out from the dining

room doorway) I think the busboy's in trouble.

GEORGE: Did I get him in trouble? Because of what I said?! I just told him what happened.. he didn't do it on purpose.. (Mangager and busboy are arguing. The

busboy points in the direction of George) He pointed at me. Why did he point at me?!

ELAINE: I said I would never eat here again.. But, I, I.. he had to know I was kidding.

JERRY: (Casually buttering a roll, like he's the innocent one) I didn't say anything.

(The busboy takes of his apron, throws it down, and exits the restaurant)

GEORGE: I can't believe it. He's going! He's fired!

ELAINE: Oh, I said it in a kidding way.

GEORGE: I didn't know he'd get fired.

JERRY: (Jokingly trying to put more pressure on Elaine and George) He'll probably kill his family over this.

GEORGE: What if he's waiting for me outside? He pointed at me! Did you see him point?!

JERRY: (Again, joking) A lot of ex-cons become busboys. They seem to gravitate twards 'em.

GEORGE: Was it my fault?

ELAINE: Was it my fault?

JERRY: (Doesn't have a care in the world) ..Maybe I'll try that pesto.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: Look, I feel bad for him too, but he'll get another job. I mean, let's face it, it's not a profession where you embellish your resume and undergo a series of

grueling interviews.

GEORGE: (Eating a sandwich) Oh, like you really know busboys.

JERRY: Oh, like you do.

GEORGE: Hey, at least I was a camp waiter.

JERRY: (Scoffing) Camp.

GEORGE: It was a fat camp. Those kids depended on me.

(The intercom buzzes, Jerry talks through it)

JERRY: Elaine?

ELAINE: (Through intercom) Yeah.

(Jerry pushes a button on the intercom - letting her in)

JERRY: Busboys are always changing jobs. That's the business. I know. I work with these guys. I tallk to them in the kitchen at the comedy clubs.

GEORGE: Then why don't you try and get him another job?

JERRY: I'd love to, but I don't know anything about him. He could be one of those people that walks around the street pricking people with pins.

(Elaine enters)

ELAINE: I don't know if you people are aware of this, but I am one clever chickadee.

GEORGE: What? Did you get the busboy's number?

ELAINE: His phone's been disconnected, but I was able to obtain an address - 1324 Amsterdam Avenue, apartment 4D. (Hands George a card) Now, I did my

job. (To Jerry) May I have the car keys, please?

(Jerry hands the car keys to Elaine)

GEORGE: How did you get all this?

ELAINE: Does the word "charm" mean anything to you?

JERRY: No. (George grabs his jacket) So now you're going to his apartment? I really think this is nuts.

GEORGE: (Putting his jacket on) I'd like to apologize. I want to tell him I.. I.. didn't mean to get him in trouble.

JERRY: You, you're going now?

GEORGE: Yeah, I want to see if there's anything I can do.. maybe get him another job.. maybe I'll hear of something.

JERRY: Maybe the fat camp. (To Elaine) You're not going?

ELAINE: I would, but I have to pick up Ed at the airport.

JERRY: I just don't think you should go alone. Can't you wait till after my set?

GEORGE: It'll take to long.

(Kramer enters)

JERRY: Take the K-man. A little support..

GEORGE: (Unsure) I don't a..

KRAMER: Take me where? Where?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: An apartment building hallway]

(George's nervous - standing with Kramer infront of the busboy's apartment)

GEORGE: Look, I really appreciate your coming, but if you wouldn't mind - try not to say too much.

KRAMER: What am I gonna say?

GEORGE: I don't know.

KRAMER: Well, I'm not an idiot.

GEORGE: Certainly not.

KRAMER: Then we're cool.

GEORGE: Yeah.. yeah, we're - we're cool. (Knocks lightly. Kramer takes charge by knocking on the door louder. The busboy answers) Uh, I'm sorry to bother

you, I was in the restaurant earlier and I was wondering if I could talk to you for a few minutes about what happened. (He gestures for them to come in. They obey)

I hope I'm not interrupting anything. It's just that I think I may have - without realizing it - been responsible for getting you fired. (Nervously laughs) And.. and.. and I

just want you to know that I didn't intend for that to happen.

KRAMER: (Patting George on the shoulder) He's a hell of a guy.

GEORGE: This is a guy I know.. Kramer.

(Antonio, the busboy, is watching them suspiciously)

KRAMER: Habla espanol?

GEORGE: (To himself) Oh my God.

ANTONIO: Si.

KRAMER: Como se dice.. waterbed?

GEORGE: (Interrupting) Anyway, I just wanted to let you know I'm really sorry that happened, and if I can help out in any way, I'll certainly be glad to do that.

(Pause) Well, I guess that's about it.

KRAMER: You got anything to drink? Agua?

GEORGE: Oy uy uy.. (Antonio points to the sink) We really should get going.

KRAMER: Let me get a glass of water. (Heads tward the sink)

GEORGE: Hurry up.

ANTONIO: (Notices that his cat is missing) Pequita? Pequita? (Starts to panic)

KRAMER: His cat's gone.

ANTONIO: (Notes the door was left wide open) La puerta esta abierta. (Starts screaming) La puerta esta abierta! (To Kramer and George) Who left the door

open? (Silence) Who left the door open?! (Kramer and George look at eachother) Come on, come on! Help me look! (All three head out the door to look)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Antonio's apartment]

(All three sit in silence)

KRAMER: ..You know, cats run away all the time. You know, my aunt, she had a cat. Ran away. Showed up three years later.. you never know. They got things in

their brains where they remember where they're from. Unless, of course, somebody else starts feeding him. See, that's what you gotta worry about.

GEORGE: (Gestures for Kramer to shut up) Once again, Antonio, I can't even begin to say how deeply, deeply sorry I am about everything. The job, the cat.. (A

lamp breaks) the lamp.

KRAMER: The wire was sticking out.. (Fits the two broken pieces together) Yeah.

GEORGE: (Hands Antonio a card) Here's my card. I'm in real estate, so, if you're ever looking for something bigger, something nicer.. (Antonio is staring at him,

angered) ..maybe not right now. Anyway.. (Extends his hand for a handshake. Antonio doesn't move)

KRAMER: You oughta get that wire fixed. (They go to leave) I got the door. (Shuts the door, the broken lamp falls to the floor)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: (On the phone) George, stop worrying about this guy. It wasn't your fault.. Come on, he's not stalking you.

(Kramer enters)

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: (To Kramer) Hey. (To George) He doesn't even know where you live.. Who told you to give him your business card?.. (Intercom buzzes) That's Elaine.

(Kramer buzzes her in. Jerry talks into the phone) Kramer.. (To Kramer) George wants to know when you want to look for the cat again.

KRAMER: It's been a week. It's up to the cat now.

JERRY: (Into phone) Kramer says it's up to the cat now. (To Kramer) It'll be on your conscience.

KRAMER: Oh? How do you figure?

JERRY: (Into phone) How do you figure? (To Kramer) 'Cause you're the one who left the door open.

KRAMER: Why was I in charge of closing the door?

JERRY: (Into phone) Why was he in charge of closing the door? (Irritated at the phone message relay, to Kramer) 'Cause you came in after him!

KRAMER: So!

JERRY: (Into phone) So! (To Kramer - getting even more angry) So, the last person in should close the door!

KRAMER: Let me talk to him.

JERRY: (To Kramer) Talk - call him from your house. (Elaine enters. Kramer leaves. To phone) He's calling you now.. okay. (Hangs up)

ELAINE: Ed's downstairs. CAn I have the car keys?

(Jerry pitches her the keys as she goes some tward his bathroom)

JERRY: No hello?

ELAINE: Got any asprin? (Finds some) Hello. Now, lookit, you guarantee this car will get me to the airport tomarrow? No problems?

JERRY: Guarantee? ..Hey, it's a car.

ELAINE: Because if there's even the slightest chance of any problem at all, I don't want to take it - because if I don't get this guy on a plane to Seattle and out of my

life, I'm gonna kill him, and everyone who tries to stop me.

JERRY: (Jokingly asking) So, did you have a nice week together?

ELAINE: I heard a little ping in the car last time. What was that ping?

JERRY: There's no ping. Why are you so wacky?

ELAINE: Jerry, you cannot imagine how much I hate this guy.. and he hasn't even done anything! It's the situation. He's a wonderful guy, but I hate his guts!

JERRY: So, you two been, uh..

ELAIEN: No! I told him I've been having my period for the last five days! I'm sleeping all squished over on the edge of my bed.. But, I've only got fourteen hours to

go. Nothing can go wrong now. I think I've taken care of everything. I've confirmed the plane reservation. I've checked the weather..

JERRY: What's your airport route?

ELAINE: I've got it all mapped out - I'm taking the tunnel.

JERRY: ..What about the Van Wyck?

ELAINE: I spoke to a cab driver. For five bucks, he turned me on to the Rockaway Boulevard shortcut.

JERRY: Oooh.

ELAINE: Now, lookit, this plane leaves at 10:15. We're getting up at about eight. That gives us enough time, right?

JERRY: You still using that old alarm clock?

ELAIEN: Oh, no, no. I bought a new one today. It's got everything - it's got everything... If you oversleep more than ten minutes, a hand comes out and slaps you in

the face.

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: Flying doesn't make me nervous - driving to the airport can make you very nervous because when you're flying, when you're getting on the plane, if you miss

that plane, there's no alternative. On the ground, you have options. You have buses, you have taxis, you have trains. But, when you're taking a flight, if you miss it,

that's it. No airline goes, "Well, you missed the flight, we do have a cannon leaving in about ten minutes. Would you be interested in that? It's not a direct cannon,

you have to change cannons after you land." (Imitates cannon operator) "I'm sorry, where you goin'? Chicago? (Cranks the cannon) Oh, Dallas? Alright, wait a

second.. (Cranks cannon to Dallas) Dallas. That's about Dallas. Texas, anyway. You should hit Texas. Are you ready? Make sure you get out of the net

immediately, because we shoot the luggage in right after you."

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Elaine's apartment]

(Elaine and Ed are in bed. Elaine awakes to find out that it's 9:15 - they overslept. She gets frantic)

ELAINE: (Trying to wake Ed up) Get up! The alarm clock didn't go off! (Shakes him) It's 9:15! You're gonna miss the plane! It's 9:15!

ED: 9:15?

ELAINE: Yes! 9:15!

ED: (Going back to sleep) We'll never make it. I'll leave tomarrow.

ELAINE: Tomarrow?! Are you crazy? No, now, now! Let's go! (Gets his suitcase from the closet, throws it on the bed, and frantically starts packing) You get

dressed! Get dressed!

ED: Can I shower?

ELAINE: Shower?! ARe you out of your mind?!

ED: I gotta shower. I'll feel dirty all day.

ELAINE: Forget the shower! The shower's out. Move it! Put your clothes on! Put your clothes on! (Pulls out drawers of clothes, turning them over in the suitcase.

He walks tward the door) Where are you going?

ED: The kitchen.

ELAINE: The kitchen?!

ED: I've got a bag of cashews in there.

ELAINE: They're not making it! Let's get your pants on!

ED: What's the big deal if we don't make it? I'll just go tomarrow or the next day.

ELAINE: No! You have your ticket! You have to go now!

ED: I'll never make it.

ELAINE: Don't say that!

ED: But it takes forty-five minutes to get there. That'll only leave me five minutes to get to the plane.

ELAINE: Shut up and pack!

ED: And what if I don't make the plane? You'll have already left. Then what will I do?

ELAINE: You're talking too much!

ED: Where's my sweater?

ELAINE: What?!

ED: My brown sweater.

ELAINE: What? What sweater?

ED: My brown sweater.

ELAINE: You didn't bring a brown sweater.

ED: I brought a brown sweater.

ELAINE: Here! Here! You want a brown sweater?! (Recahes into one of her drawers, and grabs a brown sweater, then packs it) You got a brown sweater!

ED: That's not mine. I can't take your sweater.

ELAINE: It's brown! (Takes clothes still on the hangers, and dumps them into the suitcase)

ED: What are you doing?!

ELAINE: NO time for folding.. (Looks around) I think that's it. (Zips up the suitcase)

ED: My shoes. You packed my shoes.

ELAINE: Shoes? Shoes?! Shoes?! Shoes weren't invented till the fourth century! People walked around for thousands of years without them! (Puts her coat on over

her nightie. He picks up his suitcase, she grabs it from him, then pushes him out of her way) I got this. Let's go!

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: Anywhere in the city?

GEORGE: Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet.

JERRY: Okay.. Fifty-fourth and Sixth?

GEORGE: Sperry Rand Building. 14th floor, Morgan Apparel. Mention my name - she'll give you the key.

JERRY: Alright.. Sixty-fifth and Tenth.

GEORGE: (Scoffs) ARe you kidding? Lincoln Center. Alice Tully Hall, the Met. Magnificent facilities.

(Elaine enters. She's still wearing her nightclothes under her coat. Her hair is messed up. She's been through quite an ordeal)

ELAINE: (Slow, as if remember a dream) I never new I could drive like that. I was going faster than I've ever gone before, and yet, it all seemed to be happening in

slow motion. I was seeing three and four moves ahead, weaving in and out of lanes like an Olympic skier on a gold metal run. I knew I was challenging the very laws

of physics. At Queens Boulevard, I took the shoulder. At Jewel Avenue, I used the median. I had it. I was there.. and then.. I hit the Van Wyck. They say no one's

ever beaten the Van Wyck, but gentlemen, I tell you this - I came as close as anyone ever has. And if it hadn't been for that five-car-pile-up on Rockaway

Boulevard, that numbskull would be on a plane for Seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs.

(Kramer enters)

KRAMER: ..The busboy's coming! The busboy's coming!

GEORGE: The busboy's coming?

JERRY: You don't mean here?

KRAMER: Yeah. I just buzzed him in. He's on his way up..

GEORGE: He's coming up?! (Moves to the door) I'll check you out later.

JERRY: Where are you going?

GEORGE: I'm the one he wants! He's coming to settle the score.

JERRY: (Trying to get George and Kramer out) No. You three all know each other. There's no point in me getting involved at this stage of the game.

KRAMER: No, he's not going to do anything. I guarantee it.

GEORGE: Oh, the hell with it. Let him kill me. I..

(There's a knock in the hallway)

KRAMER: Antonio. In here!

(Antonio enters)

GEORGE: (Nervous, his voice cracks) Hey, Antonio. How's it going?

(Antonio crosses over to George, and gives him a hug)

ANTONIO: Three nights ago, a gas main beneath the restaurant exploded, killing five people in my section, including the busboy who replaced me. If I am not fired

that night because of you and your thoughtless, stupid, insensitive remarks, it would have been me. You saved my life. (Hugs him again)

GEORGE: (Trying to be modest) Ah, come on..

(The intercom buzzes)

ELAINE: (Into the intercom) Yeah?

ED: It's Eddie.

ELAINE: He's coming up. (Buzzes him in) He's coming up..

ANTONIO: And that very same night of the accident, while looking for Pequita, I found a job in a restaurant where they pay me almost twice what I was making

before - and when I returned to the apartment, Pequita, perhaps frightened from the explosion, had miraculously returned. Well, but now, I must go, for today I am

starting my new and wonderful job. And I am very late. Thank you, thank you, thank you all. (Leaves)

(Everyone ad-libs congratulations to George. Then, we hear a fight erupting from the hallway)

ED: Hey, watch were you're going. You almost knocked my head off!

ANTONIO: Hey, why don't you watch where you're going, okay? 'Cause you bumped into me!

ED: Who do you think you're talking to, pal?

ANTONIO: Hey, get your hands off me!

ED: Go to hell!

(Antonio screams out profanity in Spanish, then we hear them getting into a serious fight)

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Coffee shop]

JERRY: He'll get another job. He's a busboy!

GEORGE: It won't for a while. At least not until after the cast comes off.

JERRY: It was that fall down the stairs. That's what did it.

GEORGE: That's not how it happened. It's when he fell on him with his knee.

ELAINE: Oh, that was awful. Poor Antonio. (Waiter hands Elaine two bags of food to go) ..Thanks.

GEORGE: So, much longer?

ELAINE: Till when - till he goes back to Seattle, or till he can feed himself?

GEORGE: (Not wanting to make Elaine mad) I guess it's not important.

ELAINE: Take care of yourselves. (Leaves)

GEORGE: I should probably get going too. If I don't feed Pequita by seven, she goes all over everything.. take it easy.

JERRY: Yeah.. (Takes a bite of his sandwich as the waiter starts cleaning off the table) How ya doing?

(Scene ends)

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: First of all, I can't believe that people actually do fight. People have fist fights in life. I can't really believe that we have boxing either. It's really kind of an

amazing thing. To me, the problem with boxing is - you have two guys having a fight that have no prior argument. Why don't they have the boxers come into the ring

in little cars, drive around a bit, have a little accident? They get out, "Didn't you see my signal?" "Look at that fender!" ..Then you'd see a real fight.

END OF SHOW.

[Setting: Night club]

JERRY: I have never seen an old person in a new bathing suit in my life. I don't know where they get their bathing suits, but my father has bathing suits from other centuries. My parents live in Florida, and if you go down there and you forget your bathing suits then they want you to wear one of theirs. You know how that gets? "You need trunks son? I've got trunks for you. You can wear my trunks." Fathers don't wear bathing suits, they wear trunks. It's kind of the same thing a tree would wear if it went swimming. So I get in the water with in thing and it's like floating around me somewhere. Did you ever put on a bathing suit that you don't even know exactly where you are inside the bathing suit? You bump into somebody you know: "No I'm parasailing, I'm waiting for the boat to come back."

 

 

[Setting: Florida, evening, condo of Jerry's parents]

HELEN: (looking by the window) They were supposed to be here at 7:30. Call the airlines again.

MORTY: (searching in a kitchen drawer) What happened to the scotch tape? Who takes the scotch tape? Nobody returns anything around here.

HELEN: Oh I think that's them!

MORTY: You what I'll do next time? I'll hide it so nobody can find it.

(Jerry and Elaine enter)

ALL: Hi, welcome, greetings, hugs, etc.

MORTY: Welcome to Florida!

ELAINE: Hi Mr. Seinfeld! (hug)

JERRY: Hey, there's the old man! (hug)

MORTY: So, what took you so long?

JERRY: We waited 35 minutes in the rent-a-car place.

HELEN: I don't know why you had to rent a car. We would have picked you up.

JERRY: What's the difference?

HELEN: You could have used our car.

JERRY: I don't wanna use your car.

HELEN: What's wrong with our car?

JERRY: Nothing. It's a fine car. What if you wanna use it?

HELEN: We don't use it.

MORTY: What are you talking? We use it.

HELEN: If you were using it, we wouldn't use it.

JERRY: So what would you do? You'd hitch?

HELEN: How much is a rent-a-car?

JERRY: I don't know. 25 bucks a day.

HELEN: What? You're crazy.

MORTY: Plus the insurance.

JERRY: Oh, I didn't get the insurance.

MORTY: How could you not get the insurance?

HELEN: We'll pay for the car.

JERRY: You're not paying for it.

HELEN: Morty. (asking him to back her. He doesn't)

JERRY: God it's so hot in here. Why don't you put on the air conditioning?

HELEN: You don't need the air conditioner. So, you have your speech all ready?

JERRY: It's not a speech. Do I have to make a speech?

HELEN: Of course, they're giving a testimonial for your father. You could do your comic routines.

JERRY: (ironically) Oh yeah, that will go over real well with that crowd.

ELAINE: (looking by the window) Ooh, you have a lake?

JERRY: The lake isn't real.

HELEN: The lake is real.

MORTY: Are you kidding? They built the lake.

HELEN: But it's real. It's water.

(Jerry and Elaine take their luggages to the guest room)

HELEN: Where are you going with those?

JERRY: I'm gonna put Elaine's stuff in here.

HELEN: Don't sleep in there. You can you use the bedroom.

ELAINE: I can't take your bedroom.

HELEN: I'm up at 6 o'clock in the morning.

ELAINE: I can't kick you out of your bed.

HELEN: We don't even sleep.

JERRY: Ma.

HELEN: But this is sofa bed, you'll be uncomfortable.

JERRY: (to Morty) What about you?

MORTY: Why should I be comfortable?

JERRY: (to Helen) What about him?

HELEN: Don't worry, he's comfortable.

MORTY: I'll sleep standing up. I'll be fine.

HELEN: Will you stop?

ELAINE: Yeah, I'll just stay in here. (goes in the guest room)

HELEN: (asking Jerry to go in the kitchen so Elaine won't hear) Jerry. You don't have to stay on the couch on my account. The two of you could stay in there together.

JERRY: No that's not such a good idea.

HELEN: Well I tought that...

JERRY: Not now. She's right inside.

HELEN: (quieter) What happened?

JERRY: I don't know. We decided we don't really work as a couple.

HELEN: What does that mean?

JERRY: Well...

MORTY: (comes to the kitchen and with a loud voice) Why are you whispering?

JERRY: Shh! Nothing, nothing.

HELEN: Elaine...

MORTY: (still loud) What about her?

JERRY: (tries to explain to Morty but Elaine then comes out of the guest room to get more luggages, so he fakes a conversation) ...but you know, look at the sun-dried tomatoes. Where were they five years ago? It just goes to show you. You never know what... huh (waiting for Elaine to go back in the guest room) you know... huh... What could happen to a vegetable. It could just take right off at any time. (Morty finally gets it. So Jerry goes on quieter) We've tried all kind of arrangments, but we can't seem to be friend when we sleep together.

MORTY: (Morty goes on louder! Did he ever whisper in any episode? :-) Why do you need more friends? You've got plenty of friends.

HELEN: He's an idealist.

MORTY: What the hell are you looking for?

JERRY: I'm looking. That's the point. I like looking.

HELEN: He likes looking.

MORTY: So look.

HELEN: But how long can you look?

JERRY: I'm going for the record.

(Morty walks away with a face like he disagrees with Jerry)

HELEN: You know your father wouldn't say so but he's really glad you came.

JERRY: Oh, come on.

HELEN: This is a big thing for him. Outgoing president of the condo association.

(knock on door: this is Jack and Doris, neigboors)

MORTY: Aha!

DORIS: So they arrived safely.

MORTY: (to Jerry) You remember Jack and Doris?

JERRY: Nice to meet you. This is Elaine.

ELAINE: Hi. Nice to meet you.

JACK: So Jerry, you came all the way down here for this?

ELAINE: And scuba diving.

HELEN: Scuba diving? Who's going scuba diving?

JERRY: We're going scuba diving. We'll be back in time.

HELEN: What do you have to go scuba diving for?

JERRY: For fun.

HELEN: For fun?

MORTY: Jack have some spong cake.

JACK: No. thanks, no.

MORTY: Jack is emceeing tomorrow. He's in charge of the whole thing.

JACK: So Jerry, your mother told me you're gonna do one your little comedy skit tommsorow?

JERRY: I don't think so.

JACK: No? Listen Morty you wanna settle up for last night? (Morty nods) All right. I owe you 19.45$ (he gets his checks book and a pen from his pocket).

MORTY: What did you have? You had the minute steak?

JACK: Yeah.

MORTY: Did you have a coke or what?

JACK: I did NOT have a coke.

MORTY: Somebody had a coke.

HELEN: Oh I had a coke.

DORIS: And I had the scampi.

JACK: So that's 17.10$ and the tax and the tip.

MORTY: All right. Make it 20 bucks.

JACK: It's: 19.45$, Morty. (he gives him the check)

MORTY: 19.45$ ?

JACK: See? You know your father. He can't get a write to the penny, but that's why he was such a good president.

(Jerry notices Klompus's pen)

JERRY: What kind of pen is that?

JACK: This pen?

JERRY: Yeah.

JACK: This is an astronaut pen. It writes upside down. They use this in space.

JERRY: Wow! That's the astronaut pen. I heard about that. Where did you get it?

JACK: Oh it was a gift.

JERRY: Cause sometimes I write in bed and I have to turn and lean on my elbow to make the pen works.

JACK: Take the pen.

JERRY: Oh no.

JACK: Go ahead.

JERRY: I couldn't

JACK: Come on, take the pen!

JERRY: I can't take it.

JACK: Do me a personal favor!

JERRY: No, I'm not...

JACK: Take the pen!

JERRY: I cannot take it!

JACK: Take the pen!

JERRY: Are you sure?

JACK: Positive! Take the pen!

JERRY: O.K. Thank you very much. Thank you. Gee, boy!

HELEN: Jack, what are you doing?

JACK: Stop it!

DORIS: Jack, we should go. (they go to the door) It was nice to meeting you.

ELAINE: Mmm, nice to meet you.

JERRY: Thanks again.

JACK: Come on!

DORIS: (to Morty) She's adorable. (they leave)

HELEN: (as soon as the door's closed) What did you take his pen for?

JERRY: What he gave it to me.

HELEN: You didn't have to take it.

MORTY: Oh my God! She's gotta make a big deal out of everything.

JERRY: He offered it to me.

HELEN: Because you made such a big fuss about it.

JERRY: I liked it. Should I have said I didn't like it?

HELEN: You shouldn't have said anything. What did you expect him to do? (the camera shows Elaine shaking her head at their dispute)

JERRY: He could have said: "Thank you, I like it too" and put it back in his pocket.

HELEN: He loves that pen.

MORTY: Oh come on!

HELEN: He talks about it all the time. Every time he takes it out he goes on and on about how it writes upside down, how the astronauts use it.

JERRY: If he likes it so much, he never should have offered it.

HELEN: He didn't think you'd accpet.

JERRY: Well, he was wrong.

HELEN: I know his wife. She has some mouth on her. She'll tell everyone in the condo now that you made him give you the pen. They're talking about it right now. (againe we see Elaine smiling at their argument)

JERRY: So you want me to return it?

HELEN: Yes.

MORTY: He's not gonna return the pen. That's ridiculous.

JERRY: Hey I don't even want the pen now!

MORTY: Jack can afford to give away a pen with all his money. Believe me. He gives me a check for 19.45. He didn't have a Coke. Ho, ho, ho!

ELAINE: Here, let me see it. (She takes a pad to try the pen) Hey, it wrtites upside down.

(scene ends)

 

 

[setting: condo's guest room]

(Elaine is lying on the sofa bed. It's too hot. She can't fall asleep)

(knock on door)

ELAINE: Come in.

JERRY: Are you O.K. in here?

ELAINE: Why is it so hot in here? How can they sleep like this?

JERRY: It's only for three days. Today's over and we have tommorow. We leave on Sunday. It's one day, really.

ELAINE: Oh man. What is with this bar? It's right in my back. It's killing me.

JERRY: Oh you wanna switch? I'm sleeping on a love seat. I've got my feet up in the air like I'm in a space capsule.

ELAINE: I am never gonna fall asleep.

JERRY: Oh, don't say that. You'll jinx me.

ELAINE: How can they not put the air conditioning on?

JERRY: They're nuts with temperature.

ELAINE: This bar is right in my back! It's making a dent.

JERRY: How about that guy writing a check for 19.45?

ELAINE: I'm sweating here. I'm in bed, sweating.

JERRY: It's one day. Half a day, really. I mean you substract showers and meals, it's like twenty minutes. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)

(scene ends)

 

 

[setting: condo, morning]

(Jerry and Morty are sitting at the table, Helen is at the counter. Elaine's still sleeping? Well, she's still in the guest room.)

MORTY: Stay on 95 South to Biscayne Boulevard. Then you make a left turn. Put you blinker on immediatly, there's an abutment there. Then you're gonna merge over very quickly, but stay on Biscayne. Don't get off Biscayne. You understand me?

JERRY: Stay on Biscayne.

HELEN: You're going underwater?

JERRY: Yes. Generally that's where scuba diving is done.

HELEN: What do you have to go underwater for? What's down there that's so special?

JERRY: What's so special up here?

(Elaine open the guest room's door and she's in pain)

ELAINE: Oh!

(everybody get up and walk to her)

HELEN: What's the matter?

ELAINE: My back.

HELEN: What happened?

ELAINE: That... That bed. The bar was right in my back.

HELEN: (to Jerry) I told you to let us sleep in there.

JERRY: Then YOU would be hunched over.

ELAINE: I don't even know if I can go scuba diving.

JERRY: You can't go?

HELEN: So stay home.

ELAINE: You can go.

JERRY: Without you? That's the whole reason you came down here.

HELEN: Don't go.

JERRY: You sure?

MORTY: Maybe you should see a doctor.

JERRY: We'll stay in a hotel tonight.

ELAINE: (whispering to Jerry) Yes!

HELEN: No, we'll stay in there.

JERRY: Why don't you get a new sofa?

MORTY: Nobody uses it.

JERRY: I'm buying you a new sofa.

HELEN: Oh Jerry, don't talk crazy.

ELAINE: Mrs Seinfeld, please. I am begging you. Put the air conditioner on.

HELEN: You're hot?

ELAINE: I've lost 6 pounds.

HELEN: I don't even know how to work it.

MORTY: I keep telling her it's like an oven in here.

(Evelyn, a neighboor, enters)

EVELYN: Is everybody up?

JERRY: Hi. How are you?

EVELYN: Hello Jerry.

JERRY: Evelyn, this is Elaine.

ELAINE: (with pain) Hi Evelyn.

EVELYN: Jerry you got thin.

JERRY: Too thin?

HELEN: Oh stop worrying so much about how you look.

EVELYN: So where's the new pen? (everybody's surprised by this question)

JERRY: (Jerry scratches his head and acts like he's not sure what she's talking about) What?

EVELYN: The pen. The one Jack Klompus gave you.

HELEN: How did you know that?

EVELYN: Blanche told me.

HELEN: Blanche?

EVELYN: That's some good pen. It writes upside down.

ELAINE: The astronauts use them.

HELEN: What did Blanche say?

EVELYN: I don't know. She said Jerry wanted the pen.

JERRY: I never really wanted the pen.

MORTY: He gave him the pen.

HELEN: Morty.

EVELYN: Why you don't like the pen?

JERRY: No, no, I...

EVELYN: Cause if you don't like it, give it back to him.

HELEN: Is that what she said?

EVELYN: Who?

HELEN: Blanche.

EVELYN: What are you talking about?

(The phone rings, Helen answers.)

HELEN: Hello? Oh hello Gussy. What? Jerry wouldn't do that. Jack gave it to him. All he said was he liked it. I mean nobody put a gun to his head. (to Jerry) You're giving him back that pen. (She continues the discussion with Gussy but we don't hear it.)

ELAINE: Somebody please-- THE AIR CONDITIONER!

MORTY: (Morty gets up) Oh! I forgot all about it.

(the phone conversation is over. Helen looks at Jerry.)

JERRY: All I said was "I like the pen".

(Morty looks at the control panel for the air conditioner)

MORTY: How the hell do you work this thing?

(scene ends)

 

 

[setting: still the condo, later]

(Jerry's gone scuba diving. Elaine is lying on the floor with pillows under her legs. Morty and Helen are on the couch, looking at Elaine. Helen is wearing a sweater and she's freezing)

HELEN: Maybe you shouldn't go tonight.

ELAINE: No no, I wanna go.

HELEN: But your back hurts.

MORTY: Maybe a couple of muscle relaxers would help.

ELAINE: Oh, oh, O.K. (Helen holds her sweater tight against herself) You can turn down the air conditioning if you want.

HELEN: No. I'm fine.

ELAINE: You're not too cold?

HELEN: No.

(Jerry enters with a black eye)

JERRY: Don't be alarmed.

MORTY: Oh my God! What the hell happened to you?

JERRY: I'm O.K. My capillaries burst.

HELEN: Your capillaries? Do you know what you look like?

JERRY: (to Elaine on the floor) How are you doing?

ELAINE: Having a good time!

JERRY: Is it my imagination or is it freezing in here?

HELEN: What happened to your eyes?

JERRY: Well I started to go under...

HELEN: With the instructor?

JERRY: Yeah, and I got about ten feet down and I felt this tremendous pressure on my mask. Like my eyeballs were being sucked out of their sockets.

HELEN: I told you...

(Jack enters, all dressed-up, smoking a cigar)

JACK: Excuse me. (to Helen) Doris would like to borrow red your pocketbook to go with her shoes. (to Elaine on the floor) The shoes have to match the pocketbook. (to the others) What's she doing? Yoga?

ELAINE: My back hurts.

JACK: Morty you gotta hurry up. Get ready.

MORTY: We got plenty of time.

JACK: (to Jerry) What happened to you?

JERRY: I got in a fist fight with one of the ladies at the pool.

HELEN: It's from scuba diving.

JACK: What's there to see underwater?

(Helen turns to Jerry and makes a face like: give him back the pen)

JERRY: Listen M. Klompus, it was really a nice gesture of you to give me the pen, but I don't really need it.

JACK: You what?

JERRY: I mean it's a terrific pen, but I think you should keep it. (he tends the pen to Jack)

JACK: Well I mean...

JERRY: Take it.

JACK: All right! (he smiles and take it)

(Morty gets up and walks right to Jack)

MORTY: You know Jack, you've got a hell of a nerve taking that kid's pen.

JACK: Whose pen?

MORTY: His pen.

JACK: This happens to be my pen.

MORTY: You didn't give it to him.

JACK: What are you talking about? He pratically begged me for it.

MORTY: Where do you come off with this crap?

JACK: Listen, do you think I take everything everybody offers me? You offered me sponge cake yesterday. Did I take it?

MORTY: You said you didn't want it!

JACK: Of course I wanted it! I love sponge cake!

MORTY: Then who the hell said you couldn't have any? I mean what the hell do I care whether you have sponge cake?

(Jerry and Elaine can't beleive what they're hearing)

JACK: Because I saw the look on your face last week when I took the scotch tape!

MORTY: Ahh! Ahh! So YOU got the scotch tape! I've been looking all over for it!

JACK: Don't worry about it! I'll give it back!

MORTY: I don't want it!

JACK: I don't want it!

MORTY: You know Jack, do me a favor will you? Take the pen and the scotch tape, and get the hell out of here!

JACK: Listen do you think I give a damn?

MORTY: Aah! (Jack leaves) The nerve of that guy! Taking back that pen. Well that'it for them.

JERRY: What is going on in this community! Are you people aware of what's happening? What is driving you to this behavior? Is it the humudity? Is it the Muzak? Is it the white shoes?

HELEN: I have no use for either one of them. I don't even want them there tonight. (she still has the pocketbook in her hands)

JERRY: Isn't he supposed to be the emcee?

MORTY: yeah, he's supposed to be the emcee.

JERRY: Well. This should be a very interesting evening.

ELAINE: (still on the floor) Uh... What about those muscle relaxers?

(scene ends)

 

 

[setting: reception room, evening]

(Morty, Helen, Elaine and Jerry are standing for a photograph in the entrance. Jerry wears sunglasses and Elaine is all drugged-up on muscle relaxers.)

PHOTOGRAPHER: Say astronaut.

(Elaine is laughing for nothing and she walks right up to the lens of the camera.)

ELAINE: Say what? (laughing) Say what?

JERRY: (Jerry brings her back) You took too many of those pills.

MORTY: Astronaut?

HELEN: Say it.

JERRY, MORTY AND HELEN: Astronaut!

ELAINE: (still laughing, she says it just as the picture is taking) Astro...naut!

(the image frozes and we see that the picture is awful, with Jerry and his sunglasses, and Elaine laughing who can barely stand.)

MORTY: Good. O.K. (the photographer walks away) What about last year when I took him to the hospital every day? Did he ever say thank you?

JERRY: Oh God. (foreseeing an arm's grabbing as he sees Uncle Leo entering with his wife Stella)

JERRY: (to Leo) Uncle Leo.

LEO: Hello!

STELLA: Morty are you nervous?

MORTY: What nervous?

LEO: (to Jerry while he's grabbing his arm as usual) What's with the sunglasses? Who are you? Van Johnson?

JERRY: I've got a black eye.

STELLA: (to Elaine in a childish voice) Hello.

JERRY: Elaine, this is my aunt Stella.

HELEN: (shouting as she imitates Marlon Brando) STELLA! STELLA!

JERRY: (to Stella) Her back hurts.

STELLA: Humm... We saw you on "The Tonight Show" last week.

LEO: I thought Johnny was very rude to you. He didn't even let you talk.

JERRY: No, no.

LEO: You need some new material. I've heard you do that dog routine three times already.

ELAINE: (still with her imitation, shouting even louder) STELLA! STELLA!

LEO: Listen, you should get your cousin Jeffrey to write some material for you.

MORTY: What are you talking? Jeffrey works for the parks department!

LEO: You should read the letters he's written. He's funnier than the whole bunch of you! (Jack enters with Doris) Oh, here's Jack. We should sit down.

(Jack and Morty exchange a look.)

STELLA: (to Helen on a sarcastic tone of voice) This better be good. I'm missing "Golden Girls" for this.

HELEN: (laughing hypocritically till Stella walks away) I hate her like poison.

(a few minutes later, the ceremony is about to begin. Someone in the crowd yells: "Jack let's get started!" Everyone applause and we see, from left to right, all sitting on the same side of a long table, facing the public: Stella, Leo, Elaine, Jerry, Helen, Morty, Jack at the microphone, Doris, and four other people.)

JACK: (on the microphone) Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, every year, Phase Two of the Pines of Mark Gables honors the previous year president. And this year we are honoring Morty Seinfeld (the crowd applause and someone yells: Morty!) A man who slept more hours on the job than Ronald Reagan.

MORTY: (to Helen) Slept on the job? (she shushed him)

JACK: Being president of the condo is not easy. It requires hard work, dedication, and commitment, and unfortunately he possesses none of these qualities. (everyone laugh except Jerry, Helen, and Morty. Even Elaine who's still druggy)

HELEN: (Morty complains again to Helen) He's joking.

JACK: His administration did excel in one department: the hiring of incompetents.

MORTY: (to Jack, loud) That's what you say.

JACK: But we do owe him a debt of gratitude because by not fixing the crack in the sidewalk, he put Mrs Ziven out of commission for a few weeks. (Morty is now the only one not laughing)

MORTY: (loud) Tell them when you took my son's pen back. Tell them about that! (he gets up)

JERRY: Dad!

MORTY: (to the crowd) He gave my son a pen, and then he takes it back. Tell them about that!

JACK: He gave it to me!

MORTY: Come on. That's enough, sit down!

JACK: I'm not sitting down!

(they start to fight. Morty tries to get the microphone off Jack' hands. He yells to Jack to give him the pen. Jerry gets up and tries to separate them. We hear a feedback from the microphone and they stop to fight)

JACK: Ow! You broke my dental plate! (Jack is touching his dental plate while Morty reaches in Jack's pocket to get the pen) Doris! He broke my dental plate. You son-of-a-bitch! I'm gonna sue you. (he leaves the table and Morty follows him and continue arguing with him. Jerry now have the microphone in his hands and the crowd begins to think the ceremony is over.)

HELEN: Jerry, do your act.

JERRY: (in the microphone, but to Helen) I can't. Nobody's even listening.

HELEN: They're all gonna leave.

JERRY: (to himself) Oh God! (in the microphone) huh... Hey! How you folks doing tonight? (everybody in the crowd is talking over Jerry)

MAN IN THE CROWD: Who are you?

JERRY: (still with his sunglasses) Have you ever noticed how they always give you the peanuts on the planes?

WOMAN IN THE CROWD: (to heckle Jerry) Not my Harry. He flies first class.

(Elaine is almost asleep at the table)

JERRY: Who ever thought the first thing somebody wants on a plane is a peanut?

MAN IN THE CROWD: I'd rather have a bottle of scotch!

HELEN: (to Jerry) Do the dog routine.

JERRY: All I said was I liked the pen!

ELAINE: (wakes up and yells very loud) STELLA!

(Everybody stops talking and put their hands on their ears)

(scene ends)

 

 

[setting: condo, morning]

(Elaine is sitting on the couch and a chiro is examining her. Jerry's sitting next to her. Helen is standing beside them and Morty is still asleep in the guest room)

CHIROPRACTOR: You could aggravated. I wouldn't go anywhere for at least five days.

ELAINE: Five days? You want me to stay here for five more days?

JERRY: There must be some mistake.

CHIROPRACTOR: I'm afraid not.

ELAINE: (discouraged) Five days. Here.

HELEN: (to Jerry, happily) So we have you for five more days!

JERRY: (to Elaine) Well there's really no point in me staying. I mean you just gonna be...

ELAINE: Excuse me?

JERRY: Nothing.

(Evelyn enters)

EVELYN: Good morning.

JERRY: Hi Evelyn.

EVELYN: (to Helen) Has Morty decided on a lawyer yet?

HELEN: I don't think so.

EVELYN: Because my nephew Larry could do it. He's a brilliant lawyer. He says Jack has no case.

HELEN: I'll ask him when he gets up.

EVELYN: Oh, and I spoke to Arnold. And he says that according to the bylaws of the condo constitution, they need six votes to throw you out for unruly behavior. Not five. Doctor Chernov is the one you'll have to suck up to.

(Morty gets up in a bad shape)

MORTY: Aw! Aw! Oh my back! Oh my back! It's that bar. Who the hell could sleep on that thing?

HELEN: I was very comfortable.

EVELYN: Morty, Arnold says they need six votes to throw you out.

HELEN: It's in the constitution.

MORTY: (to the chiro) Who are you?

CHIROPRACTOR: I'm a chiropractor.

MORTY: What are you kidding me?

ELAINE: (to Jerry) Five more days?

JERRY: Well today's almost over. And weekdays always go by fast. Friday we're leaving. It's like two days really. It's like a cup of coffee. It will go by like that. (snapping his fingers)

(scene ends)

[setting: night club, closing monologue]

Is Florida not hot and muggy enough for these people? They love heat. I mean if they ever decide to land men on the sun, I think these old retired guys would be the only ones that will be able to handle it. They'll just sit there on the sun, on the redwood benches, washcloth on the head going: "Close the door, you're letting all the heat off the sun. I'm trying to get a sweat going."

(end of the show)

[Jerrys Apartment]

JERRY: Let me ask you a question. If you named a kid Rasputin do you think that would have a negative effect on his life?

ELAINE: Na.

JERRY: What are you doing? Were going out for dinner in ten minutes.

ELAINE: Do you realize this is the last meal I am going to have for three days?

[buzzer]

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: Its George.

JERRY: Come on up. . . . I never heard of this. Youve got to fast for three days to take an ulcer test. How you gonna do that?

ELAINE: I dont know. How could I possibly have ulcers? Who could have given me ulcers?

JERRY: I think Ill take out the garbage.

ELAINE: Hey, have you ever fasted?

JERRY: Well, once I didnt have dinner until, like 9:00 oclock, that was pretty rough. [exits to hall with garbage  meets George] Hey, do me a favour will ya? Throw out my garbage for me.

GEORGE: Yeah, right.

JERRY: Come on, its just down the hall.

GEORGE: Give me two bucks. Ill do it for two bucks.

JERRY: Ill give you 50 cents.

GEORGE: Theres no way I touch that bag for less than two dollars.

JERRY: Come on. Fifty cents. <??> a piece of Drakes coffee cake

GEORGE: Youre not getting no Drakes Coffee Cake for fifty cents. Yae, Hey, Im all set. I got the ticket. Im going to the Cayman Islands this Friday.

JERRY: I dont get you. Who goes on vacation without a job? What do you need a break from getting up at eleven?

GEORGE: Its an incredible deal. I dont know why you dont come with me.

JERRY: Nah, I dont go for these non-refundable deals. I cant commit to a woman. Im not going to commit to an airline.

[Gina enters the hall]

GINA: Hi.

JERRY: Hi.

GINA: How are you?

JERRY: Gina, do you know what a Drakes Coffee Cake is?

GINA: Of course, the plane cake with the sweet brown crumbs on the top.

JERRY: How much do they cost?

GINA: The junior?

GEORGE: No, no the full size.

JERRY: No, no the junior.

GEORGE: You didnt say "junior".

GINA: I havent had one of those since I was a little girl.

JERRY: Really? You should be ashamed of yourself. I want you out of here! [MARTIN enters the hall] How ya doing?

MARTIN: Good enough.

[MARTIN leaves with Gina]

JERRY: Boy shes sexy isnt she?

[Jerry leaves garbage bag by Kramers apartment and knocks on the door. As he and George enter Jerrys apartment Kramer comes out and takes the garbage bag.]

JERRY: Do you believe that guy?

ELAINE: What guy?

JERRY: My neighbour:

ELAINE: Oh, that creepy guy?

JERRY: Yeah, did he think I was flirting with her?

GEORGE: He didnt seem too pleased.

ELAINE: Maybe Ill get a steak with french fried onion wings.

GEORGE: hey, you know what? I just remembered something. I had a dream about that guy last night. This is amazing.

JERRY: Whats so amazing? Youve seen him before.

GEORGE: I havent seen him for months.

JERRY: What was the dream?

GEORGE: I was doing standup comedy in Kennebunkport Maine. ??? night club. The stage was on a cliff and the audience was throwing all the comics off.

JERRY: I think Ive played there.

GEORGE: Ive had a lot of other paranormal stuff happen to me.

JERRY: Youre a little paranormal

ELAINE: Hey, George, you know my friend goes to a psychic.

GEORGE: Really?

ELAINE: Uh uh, you should go some time.

GEORGE: Id love to go. Make an appointment.

JERRY: Psychics, vacations. How about getting a job?

GEORGE: I just got fired.

JERRY: Alright, come on, lets get out of here.

ELAINE: I wonder what Ghandi ate before his fast.

JERRY: I heard he used to polish off a box of Triscuits.

ELAINE: Really?

JERRY: Oh, yeah. Ghandi loved Triscuits.

[They exit]

[Jerrys apartment late at night there is knocking at the door]

JERRY: Who is it? Who is it?

GINA: Its Gina.

JERRY: Who?

GINA: Martines girl friend.

JERRY: Martine?

GINA: You next door neighbour.

JERRY: Oh, Martin!

[Jerry opens door]

GEORGE: Its Martine. I think hes dying. He tried to kill himself with pills.

JERRY: What?

GINA: Come on.

JERRY: In my pajamas? I better get my robe.

GINA: We dont have enough time.

JERRY: Itll take two seconds.

GINA: There is no time.

JERRY: We dont have two seconds?

GINA: All right. Go ahead.

JERRY: Nah, forget it.

GINA: No, go ahead.

JERRY: Nah. Ill just wear the pajamas.

GINA: Will you just get it.

JERRY: Are you sure?

GINA: Forget it. Come on.

JERRY: Nah, Ill go get the robe.

[Metropolitan Hospital Center]

JERRY: Thats not too bad. Its not like a Sunny von Bulow comma. The doctor said he should snap out of it anytime.

GINA: You know why he did this? Because I told him it was over. I did not want to see him anymore.

JERRY: Really? Its over?

GINA: I could not stand it another minute. Yesterday he turned over a mans hot dog stand because he thought the man was looking at me. And then after he saw you in the hall. Ach, he was crazy with jealousy.

JERRY: Oh boy, did he say anything about me?

GINA: He does not like you. And all indications are he does not like Drakes Coffee Cake.

JERRY: He said that?

GINA: He was screaming about it all night. How its too sweet and it falls apart when you eat it.

JERRY: Im sorry if I caused any trouble. I was just being friendly.

GINA: I wasnt.

JERRY: You werent?

GINA: No, I have thought about you many times. Have you thought about me?

JERRY: Of course.

GINA: Tell me everything.

JERRY: Are you sure he cant hear anything? . . .MARTIN, MARTIN.

GINA: I wish he was not in a coma. I wish he was dead. I wish I could pull the plug out from him.

JERRY: I, would, I would wait on that. I know how you feel but. Juries today, you never know how theyre going to look at a thing like this.

GINA: I saw you looking at your watch. You want to leave? Go ahead.

JERRY: No, I just wanted to see what time it was.

GINA: Are you afraid of him?

JERRY: No.

GINA: Then kiss me.

JERRY: Here?

GINA: Yes, right here.

JERRY: Is this the proper venue?

GINA: You dont want to?

JERRY: No, no, I want to. I, I very much want to. I, I desire to. I, I pine to.

GINA: Then kiss me right in front of him.

JERRY: I cant. What if he wakes up?

GINA: A man is lying here unconscious and youre afraid of him? What kind of a man are you?

JERRY: A man who respects a good comma. If it was one of those in and out comas, maybe. But when a guys got a coma going like this  you dont want to mess with it.

[Jerrys apartment]

KRAMER: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

KRAMER: Did you hear about Martin?

JERRY: Yeah, I heard.

KRAMER: I cant believe hes in a coma.

KRAMER: Hes got my vacuum cleaner. You know I loaned it to him. He never returned it. The carpets are filthy. What am I going to do?

JERRY: Who told you about Martin?

KRAMER: Newman! Hes good friends with him.

Jx; Oh, big mouth Newman. I should have guessed.

KRAMER: Hes got all of my attachments, you know.

JERRY: Hey, let me ask you something. How long do you have to wait for a guy to come out of a coma before you can ask his ex-girlfriend out?

KRAMER: What, Gina? Why wait? Why not just call Doctor Kavorkian?

JERRY: You know I dont get that whole suicide machine. Theres no tall buildings where these people live? They cant wrap their lips around a revolver like a normal person?

KRAMER: So whats going on between you and Gina?

JERRY: Well, I went with her to the hospital last night.

KRAMER: Uh, uh.

JERRY: So were in the room and shes trying to get me to kiss her right in front of him.

KRAMER: Uh, uh, you see thats the great thing about Mediterranean women. All right, so what did you do?

JERRY: Nothing.

KRAMER: Ah, what kind of a man are you? The guy is unconscious in a coma and you dont have the guts to kiss his girlfriend?

JERRY: I didnt know what the coma etiquette was.

KRAMER: There is no coma etiquette. You see thats the beauty of the coma, man. It doesnt matter what you do around it.

JERRY: So youre saying, his girl, his car, his clothes, its all up for grabs. You can just loot the coma victim.

KRAMER: Id give him 24 hours to get out of it. They cant get out of it in 24 hours, its a land rush.

JERRY: So if the coma victim wakes up in a month, hes thrilled, he got out of the coma. He goes home, theres nothing left?

KRAMER: NOTHING LEFT! Thats why Im trying to get that vacuum cleaner. Because somebodys going to grab it.

[The psychics apartment]

RULA: Martins spirit came to you as a warning.

ELAINE: Why would he come to George?

RULA: Because George has heightened extra sensory perception. FAYGY GET YOUR FINGER OUT OF YOUR NOSE.

GEORGE: I knew it. I always felt different.

RULA: You are. Some coffee cake?

GEORGE: Drakes?

RULA: Yes.

GEORGE: Did you buy this for me?

RULA: No, why?

GEORGE: Ha, because I love Drakes Coffee Cake.

RULA: Maybe I did.

ELAINE: Take it away.

GEORGE: She hasnt eaten in two days.

RULA: Whos Pauline?

GEORGE: Pauline? . . . Wait a minute. I got it. My brother once impregnated a woman named Pauline.

RULA: Do you think about her?

GEORGE: When I hear her name mentioned.

RULA: Cut these with your left hand.

GEORGE: There was a woman, Audrey. She had a very big nose.

RULA: I see an Audrey, but with a small nose.

GEORGE: Yes, yes, she had a nose job. I loved her very deeply. Will she ever speak to me again?

RULA: Not in this life.

ELAINE: Should you be smoking?

RULA: Does it bother you?

ELAINE: Youre pregnant.

GEORGE: Elaine.

RULA: I smoked when I had Faisy.

RULA: Ah oh.

GEORGE: Ah oh? What? What Ah oh?

RULA: I dont know about this trip George.

GEORGE: You can see the Cayman Islands in there? Is something going to happen to me? What?

ELAINE: Its really bad for the fetus. Do you know that.

GEORGE: Elaine, shes a psychic. She knows how the kids going to be.

GEORGE: Should I not go on this trip?

RULA: George, I am going to tell you something and I want you to really hear me.

ELAINE: Now listen. I just dont know how a person, with everything we now know about pre-natal care can put a cigarette in her mouth.

GEORGE: Elaine, what are you doing?

ELAINE: Its disgusting.

RULA: I DONT BELIVE IT. I would like you both to leave.

ELAINE: Oh fine, I dont like to be around people who are just so irresponsible.

RULA: Get the hell out.

[Elaine leaving]
GEORGE: A plane crash? A Heart attack? Lupus? Is it Lupus?

RULA: Do you want me to call the super? He was an Israeli commando.

GEORGE: If you dont say anything I will assume its a plane crash.

RULA: Get out.

GEORGE: Not a plane crash. [leaving] Is it a plane crash?

[Jerrys apartment]

GINA: I do not like your toothbrush. There are no bristles.

JERRY: You can say what you want about me but Ill be damned if Im going to stand here while you insult my toothbrush.

GINA: It is too small for someone with such a big mouth [kisses Kerry]. Let me ask you. What will you do if Martine wakes up? Run away like a mouse?

JERRY: No, more like the Three Stooges at the end of every movie.

GINA: Who are these Stooges you speak of?

JERRY: Theyre a comedy team.

GINA: Tell me about them. Everything.

JERRY: Well, theyre three kind of funny looking guys and they hit each other a lot.

GINA: You will show me The Stooges?

JERRY: I will show you The Stooges.

GINA: When?

JERRY: Well, I dont really know where The Stooges are right now but if I locate them you will be the first to know.

GINA: Come, you walk me to a cab.

JERRY: Well, uh, I uh, I dont want you to get upset or anything but uh, with Martin and all, well maybe its not such a good idea for us to be seen together in the building, because, you know, he had a lot of friends here.

GINA: Youre still afraid. You are not a man.

JERRY: Well then what are all those ties and sport jackets doing in my closet?

GINA: Are you going to walk me to a cab or not?

JERRY: Yeah, all right. All right.

[Jerry and Gina meet Kramer and leaving his apartment with Newman]

KRAMER: You should just eat fruit.

NEWMAN: I cant eat fruit. It makes me incontinent.

KRAMER: ???

NEWMAN: Hello Gina. Hello Jerry.

JERRY: Hello Newman.

[Metropolitan Hospital Center - Hallway]

JERRY: Do you think Newman would tell Martin if he wakes up? What kind of sicko would do that? He could kill me.

GEORGE: People smoke, Elaine. My mother smoked. It didnt hurt me.

ELAINE: [jumps with fear to Jerry] Did you see that wall move?

JERRY: Boy, its a good thing we came.

GEORGE: Could there be a native p0roblem in the Caymans? Maybe theres native unrest.

ELAINE: Hi, I havent eaten in three days. I was wondering how much longer it would be until I get my X-ray.

Nurse: Well call you.

JERRY: George, I want you to promise me something. If Im ever in a comma. In the first 24 hours get everything out of my apartment and put it in storage.

GEORGE: How come?

JERRY: Looters.

ELAINE: How do we know that dog food is any good? Who tastes it?

JERRY: Shes really hungry.

[Kramer enters]

KRAMER: Hey.

ELAINE: Kramer

KRAMER: Well, Newmans upstairs visiting Martin.

GEORGE: Would you buy my Cayman Island ticket?

KRAMER: Youre not going?

GEORGE: No.

KRAMER: Why not?

GEORGE: The psychic said something terrible will happen.

KRAMER: I dig.

[Metropolitan Hospital Center - Martins room]

KRAMER: I want my vacuum cleaner! I know you can hear me. Look my mother, shes going to come and visit me. She sees that rug, shes going to kill me.

W: He cant hear you, you idiot. Why dont you just buy another one.

KRAMER: Why would I buy another one when I spent a hundred bucks on this one?

W: I have a carpet sweeper you can use.

KRAMER: I dont want a carpet sweeper. They dont do anything.

W: It gets my rug clean.

KRAMER: The carpet sweeper is the biggest scam perpetrated on the American public since One Hour Martinizing.

W: Well, you should take a look at my rug then.

KRAMER: I wouldnt set foot in your house.

[Jerry enters]

JERRY: Hello.

NEWMAN: Hello Jerry.

JERRY: Hows he doing?

KRAMER: He looks happy to me.

NEWMAN: I hope he stays this happy when he wakes up.

JERRY: Why wouldnt he?

NEWMAN: No reason.

JERRY: Hell have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.

NEWMAN: Ill bring him up to date.

JERRY: How up to date?

NEWMAN: Oh, all the way up.

JERRY: And nothing could change your mind?

NEWMAN: Well, it would take a hell of a lot. Because a friend is something you earn.

KRAMER: Okay, Jerry has a friend who has free tickets to the Cayman Islands for this weekend. Hes not going.

NEWMAN: I dont care much for the beach. I freckle. . . . Is that a,..

JERRY: Drakes Coffee Cake

NEWMAN: Wow, where did you get that?

JERRY: From my house. I got a whole box of them.

NEWMAN: Boy, thats the full size.

JERRY: Thats your big boy.

NEWMAN: Can I have a bite?

JERRY: I dont give out bites. I got another one. But Im saving it for later.

NEWMAN: Just one bite?

JERRY: I dont think so. You know they, theyre so fragile.

NEWMAN: All right! All right. I wont say anything.

JERRY: You swear?

NEWMAN: I swear.

JERRY: On your mothers life?

NEWMAN: On my mothers life.

KRAMER: oh oh oh oh oh

NEWMAN: Oooh,

[Metropolitan Hospital Center - Hallway]

ELAINE: And there it was, mountains of duck. And not fatty duck either, but juicy tender breasts of duck.

[George sees the Psychics girl, Faisy and follows her into the Psychics room]]

GEORGE: sweetheart, no come here,  sweetheart

RULA: pew, pew, pew, pew (breathing)

GEORGE: how did I know you were here? Something drew me here. This is phenomenal.

RULA: The nurse said she would be right back. Theyre supposed to take me into the delivery room.

GEORGE: Oh, thats great. Thats great. By the way I have to apologize for my friend the other day. Friend? Uh, uh I dont even know that woman. I met her on the bus on the way over. I couldnt get rid of her. Uh, My psychic instincts were a little off ..

RULA: Oh, wheres the nurse

GEORGE: I dont know where the nurse is. Sweetheart why dont you get a nurse for mommy?  Anyway I was just curious. Remember the other day you were saying something about my trip.

RULA: Dont take that trip.

GEORGE: Yeah, why? Why?

RULA: <screams> EEEY, beegit, beegit beegit.

[Doctor enters]

Dx: All right, Rula, its time to go.

GEORGE: Because? Because?

[Elaine enters Martins room]

ELAINE: Assassins! How dare they keep a person waiting like this!  Drakes Coffee Cake?  Give me that.

NEWMAN: Jerry, you better stop her or Ill tell.

JERRY: Elaine! No! No!

MARTIN: Ooooh, ahhhh,

[In hallway as they wheel Rula to give birth]

GEORGE: Are there terrorists on the plane? A hotel fire. Is that it? Malaria? Yellow fever? Lupus? Is it Lupus?

[Martins room  Martin grabbing Jerry  Elaine eating the Drakes Coffee Cake]

NEWMAN: He did it right in this bed, Martin. Right in front of you.

KRAMER: I want my vacuum cleaner!

JERRY: Hey!

NEWMAN: It was disgusting.

[Jerrys apartment]

JERRY: What are you doing? Were going out to dinner in ten minutes.

GEORGE: I never assisted in a birth before. Its really quite disgusting.

JERRY: What did she name the kid?

GEORGE: You wouldnt believe it. Rasputin.

[Kramer enters]

KRAMER: Heey!

GEORGE: Hey.

JERRY: Hey.

GEORGE: when did you get back?

KRAMER: A couple of hours ago.

GEORGE: So how was it?

KRAMER: George, I would like to thank you for the greatest four days I ever spent in my life.

JERRY: osh.

KRAMER: They were shooting the Sports Illustrated swim suit issue right in the hotel pool.

JERRY: Woah. [hitting George]

KRAMER: Not only that but at the hotel they opened up this area on the beach for nude bathing and all of the Sports Illustrated models went down there.

JERRY: Wow! [hitting George]

KRAMER: I was on the next blanket from Elle McPherson

JERRY: Oh! [hitting George]

KRAMER: We played Backgammon in the nude.

JERRY: Oh! [hitting George]

KRAMER: Shes a sweet kid.

JERRY: Nude backgammon with swimsuit models!

KRAMER: Oh, you know what? The second day I was there I stepped on a jellyfish. Now it kind of stung my foot. Thats probably what Rula was trying to warn you about.

GEORGE: Yeah, you gotta watch for the jellyfish.

KRAMER: Yeah.

KRAMER: Whats this?

JERRY: Oh, its an invitation to a house warming from Martin and Gina.

KRAMER: They moved in together?

JERRY: Yeah, its some place down in the village.

KRAMER: Phew.

[buzzer]

JERRY: Yeah.

ELAINE: Its Elaine.

JERRY: All right were coming down.

KRAMER: Hey, where ya going?

JERRY: Were taking Elaine to dinner. Shes got to start the fast again. Um, you want to go?

KRAMER: Um, Id like to but a bunch of us from the islands, well be getting together.

GEORGE: Elle McPherson going to be there?

KRAMER: OH! I got to call her back.

[Kramer exits]

The End

[At club bar]

Jerry and George are talking. Stu and Jay enter.

STU: Excuse me, Jerry? I'm Stu Chermak. I'm with NBC.

JERRY: Hi.

STU: Could we speak for a few moments?

JERRY: Sure.

JAY: Hi, Jay Crespi.

JERRY: Hello.

GEORGE: Uh, C-R-E-S-P-I?

JAY: That's right.

GEORGE: I'm unbelievable at spelling last names. Give me a last name.

JAY: Mm, I'm not-

JERRY: George-

GEORGE: (backing off) Huh? All right, fine.

STU: First of all, that was a terrific show.

JERRY: Oh thank you very much.

STU: And basically, I just wanted to let you know that we've been
discussing you at some of our meetings and we'd be very interested in
doing something.

JERRY: Really? Wow.

STU: So, if you have any idea for like a TV show for yourself, well,
we'd just love to talk about it.

JERRY: I'd be very interested in something like that.

STU: Well, here, uh, why don't you give us a call and maybe we can develop
a series.

They start to exit.

JERRY: Okay. Great. Thanks.

STU: It was very nice meeting you.

Jery: Thank you.

JAY: Nice meeting you.

JERRY: Nice meeting you.

[George returns]

GEORGE: What was that all about?

JERRY: They said they were interested in me.

GEORGE: For what?

JERRY: You know, a TV show.

GEORGE: Your own show?

JERRY: Yeah, I guess so.

GEORGE: They want you to do a TV show?

JERRY: Well, they want me to come up with an idea. I mean, I don't have
any ideas.

GEORGE: Come on, how hard is that? Look at all the junk that's on TV.
You want an idea? Here's an idea. You coach gymnastics team in high
school. And you're married. And your son's not interested in gymnastics
and you're pushing him into gymnastics.

JERRY: Why should I care if my son's into gymnastics?

GEORGE: Because you're a gymnastics teacher. It's only natural.

JERRY: But gymnastics is not for everybody.

GEORGE: I know, but he's your son.

JERRY: So what?

GEORGE: All right, forget that idea, it's not for you....Okay, okay, I
got it. You run an antique store.

JERRY: Yeah and...?

GEORGE: And people come in the store and you get involved in their
lives.

JERRY: What person who runs an antique store gets involved in people's
lives?

GEORGE: Why not?

JERRY: So someone comes in to buy an old lamp and all of a sudden I'm
getting them out of a jam? I could see if I was a pharmacist because a
pharmacist knows what's wrong with everybody that comes in.

GEORGE: I know, but antiques are very popular right now.

JERRY: No they're not, they used to be.

GEORGE: Oh yeah, like you know.

JERRY: Oh like you do.

[Jerry's Apartment]

KRAMER: ...And you're the manager of the circus.

JERRY: A circus?

KRAMER: Come on, this is a great idea. Look at the characters. You've
got all these freaks on the show. A woman with a moustache? I mean, who
wouldn't tune in to see a women with a moustache? You've for the
tallest man in the world; a guy who's just a head.

JERRY: I don't think so.

KRAMER: Look Jerry, the show isn't about the circus, it's about watching
freaks.

JERRY: I don't think the network will go for it.

KRAMER: Why not?

JERRY: Look, I'm not pitching a show about freaks.

KRAMER: Oh come on Jerry, you're wrong. People they want to watch freaks.
This is a "can't miss."

NEWMAN:Kramer.

JERRY: Hello Newman.

NEWMAN: Come on lets go. I got the helmet. Lets get the radar detector.

KRAMER: All right I'll be back in a second. You guys coming to my party? [exits]

Together: Yeah, sure.

JERRY: What's this all about?

NEWMAN: We're making a trade. I'm giving him my motorcycle helmet - he's giving me his radar detector.

JERRY: I didn't know you had a motorctcle.

NEWMAN: Well my girlfriend had one.

JERRY: You have a girlfriend?

NEWMAN: I HAD a girlfriend and she was pretty wild.

JERRY: I never remember you with a girl.

NEWMAN: Nevertheless, ...

JERRY: This is a pretty bad deal for Kramer. You know a radar detector is worth much more than that helmet. I think you're cheating him.

NEWMAN: Don't say anything.

JERRY: All right.

[Kramer enters]

JERRY: You know you're getting gypped over here.

KRAMER: Really, Ah,

NEWMAN: We had a deal. Are you reneging out of the deal? Are you reneging? That's a renege.

KRAMER: Oh, stop saying 'reneging".

NEWMAN: Well you're reneging.

KRAMER: I, Okay, okay. I'm not reneging.

[they try to exchange items but won't let go]

NEWMAN: All right give it to me. let go ...

KRAMER: You let go - come on ...[they fight over the items]

JERRY: Gimme that - just gimme that. Here. Idiots!

NEWMAN: Thanks buddy. So long he he ...[exits]

JERRY: Does that thing work?

KRAMER: Nah.

At Monks.

[Jerry and George enter.]

JERRY: ... I just got a postcard from Elaine?

GEORGE: Really?

JERRY: Yeah, they're in London now. They'll be back in a few weeks.

GEORGE: I can't believe she got involved with a shrink.

GEORGE: So, what's happening with the TV show? You come up with anything?

JERRY: No, nothing.

GEORGE: Why don't they have salsa on the table?

JERRY: What do you need salsa for?

GEORGE: Salsa is now the number one condiment in America.

JERRY: You know why? Because people like to say "salsa." "Excuse me, do
you have salsa?" "We need more salsa." "Where is the salsa? No salsa?"

GEORGE: You know it must be impossible for a Spanish person to order
seltzer and not get salsa. (Angry) "I wanted seltzer, not salsa."

JERRY: "Don't you know the difference between seltzer and salsa?? You
have the seltezer after the salsa!"

GEORGE: See, this should be a show. This is the show.

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: This. Just talking.

JERRY: (dismissing) Yeah, right.

GEORGE: I'm really serious. I think that's a good idea.

JERRY: Just talking? Well what's the show about?

GEORGE: It's about nothing.

JERRY: No story?

GEORGE: No forget the story.

JERRY: You've got to have a story.

GEORGE: Who says you gotta have a story? Remember when we were waiting for,
for that table in that Chinese restaurant that time? That could be a TV
show.

JERRY: And who is on the show? Who are the characters?

GEORGE: I could be a character.

JERRY: You?

GEORGE: Yeah. You could base a character on me.

JERRY: So, on the show, there's a character named George Costanza?

GEORGE: Yeah. There's something wrong with that? I'm a character. People are always saying to me, "You know you're a quite a character."

JERRY: And who else is on the show?

GEORGE: Elaine could be a character. Kramer..

JERRY: Now he's a character. (Pause) So everybody I know is a character on the show.

GEORGE: Right.

JERRY: And it's about nothing?

GEORGE: Absolutely nothing.

JERRY: So you're saying, I go in to NBC, and tell them I got this idea for a show about nothing.

GEORGE: We go into NBC.

JERRY: "We"? Since when are you a writer?

GEORGE: (Scoffs) Writer. We're talking about a sit-com.

JERRY: You want to go with me to NBC?

GEORGE: Yeah. I think we really go something here.

JERRY: What do we got?

GEORGE: An idea.

JERRY: What idea?

GEORGE: An idea for the show.

JERRY: I still don't know what the idea is.

GEORGE: It's about nothing.

JERRY: Right.

GEORGE: Everybody's doing something, we'll do nothing.

JERRY: So, we go into NBC, we tell them we've got an idea for a show about nothing.

GEORGE: Exactly.

JERRY: They say, "What's your show about?" I say, "Nothing."

GEORGE: There you go.

(A moment passes)

JERRY: (Nodding) I think you may have something there.


[Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry's explaining George's idea to Kramer)

JERRY: So, the show would be about my real life. And one of the characters would be based on you.

KRAMER: (Thinks) No, I don't think so.

JERRY: What do you mean you don't think so?

KRAMER: I don't like it.

JERRY: I don't understand. What don't you like about it?

KRAMER: I don't like the idea of a character based on me.

JERRY: Why not?

KRAMER: well it just doesn't sit well.

JERRY: You're my neighbor. There's got to be a character based on you.

KRAMER: That's your problem, buddy.

JERRY: I don't understand what the big deal is.

KRAMER: Hey, I'll tell you what - you can do it on one condition.

JERRY: Whatever you want.

KRAMER: I get to play Kramer.

JERRY: You can't play Kramer.

KRAMER: I am Kramer.

JERRY: But you can't act.

KRAMER: Phew!

[Newman enters]

JERRY: Okay, fine. We'll use Newman.

KRAMER: Newman?

NEWMAN:Use me for what?

JERRY: Nothin' What do you want?

NEWMAN:Well, you'll never guess what happened to me today. I was uh, driving [ Jerry and Kramer turn away] home on the palisades parkway when I looked in the rear view mirror and what did I see? The fuzz. And it's funny because my new radar detector was on. I didn't hear a thing. Isn't that strange?

KRAMER: Yeah. That's strange.

NEWMAN:A radar detector, as I understand it, DETECTS RADAR! WITH A SERIES OF BEEPS AND FLASHING LIGHTS. But oddly, for some reason I didn't hear a thing except for the sound of a police siren.

KRAMER: That's queer uh?

NEWMAN:I WANT MY HELMET BACK! GIVE ME BACK MY HELMET AND YOU'RE GOING TO PAY FOR THAT TICKET.

KRAMER: Yeah, you better think again Mojumbo.

NEWMAN:You gave me a defective detector. ... Jerry?

JERRY: Buyer beware.

NEWMAN:Are you going to give me back that helmet or not?

KRAMER: No. We had a deal. There are no guarantees in life.

NEWMAN:No, but there's karma, Kramer.

JERRY: Karma Kramer?

NEWMAN:And one more thing. I'm not coming to your party. [exits]




(Scene ends)
[ NBC reception area)

(Jerry and George are waiting)

JERRY: (To himself) Salsa, seltzer. Hey, excuse me, you got any salsa? No, not selzer, salsa. (George doesn't react) What's the matter?

GEORGE: (Nervous) Nothing.

JERRY: You sure? You look a little pale.

GEORGE: No, I'm fine. I'm good. I'm very good.

JERRY: What, are you nervous?

GEORGE: No, not nervous. I'm good, very good. (A beat, then he snaps) I can't do this! Can't do this!

JERRY: What?

GEORGE: I can't do this! I can't do it. I have tried. I'm here. It's impossible.

JERRY: This was your idea!

GEORGE: What idea? I just said something. I didn't know you were going to listen to me.

JERRY: Dont' worry about it. They're just TV executives.

GEORGE: They're men with jobs, Jerry! They wear suits and ties. They're married, they have secretaries.

JERRY: I told you not to come.

GEORGE: I need some water. I gotta get some water.

JERRY: They'll give us water in there.

GEORGE: Really? That's pretty good.

[Jerry looks into hallway]

JERRY: Oh God, it's Joe Devola.


GEORGE: Who?

JERRY: This guy's a writer, he's a total nut. I think he goes to the same shrink as Elaine.

JERRY: Oh God he saw me.

DEVOLA: Hello Jerry.

JERRY: Hey Joe! HOW YOU DOING?

DEVOLA: You're under no obligation to shake my hand.

JERRY: Oh, no, Just a custom. Uh, THAT'S MY FRIEND GEORGE. YOU LOOK GOOD.

DEVOLA: Why shouldn't I look good?

JERRY: Oh, no reason. You're into karate right?

DEVOLA: You want to hit me?

JERRY: What are you doing here?

DEVOLA: I dreopped a script off.

JERRY: AH, GOOD FOR YOU.

[they stare at each other]

JERRY: Well, ...

DEVOLA: You don't have to say anything.

JERRY: No, Uh, hey I guess I'll see you Sunday night.

DEVOLA: Why?

JERRY: Kramer's party.

DEVOLA: Kramer's ... having ... a ... party?

JERRY: No, no, he's not having a party. He's doing something. I don't know what it is. It's nothing. He's not doing anything.

DEVOLA: Gee, I thought Kramer and I were very close friends.

JERRY: No, I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are very close friends. Very close.

[Crazy Joe leaves]

JERRY: Give my best to Hinckley.

GEORGE: What was that?

JERRY: I can't believe what I just did. I didn't know kramer didn't invite him. I better call Kramer, ...

[before he can dial]


RECEPTIONIST: They're ready for you.

GEORGE: Okay, okay. Look, you do all the talking, okay?

JERRY: Relax. Who are they?

GEORGE: Yeah, they're not better than me.

JERRY: Course not.

GEORGE: Who are they?

JERRY: They're nobody.

GEORGE: What about me?

JERRY: What about you?

GEORGE: Why them? Why not me?

JERRY: Why not you?

GEORGE: I'm as good as them.

JERRY: Better.

GEORGE: You really think so?

JERRY: No.

(The door opens, and, from Jerry and George's point of view, four executives stand up)

(Scene ends)
[ NBC president's office]

(Stu Chermak, Susan Ross, Jay Crespi, and Russell Dalrymple, the head of the network, are all talking with Jerry and George)

STU: (To Jerry, laughing about one of his bits) The bit, the bit I really liked what were the parakeet flew into the mirror. Now that's funny.

GEORGE: The parakeet in the mirror. That's a good one, Stu.

JERRY: Yeah, it's one of my favorites.

RUSSELL: What about you, George? Have you written anything we might know?

GEORGE: (Quickly making it up) Well, possibly. I wrote an off-Broadway show, "La Cocina." ..Actually, it was off-off-Broadway. It was a comedy about a Mexican chef.

JERRY: Oh, it was very funny. There was one great scene with the chef - what was his name?

GEORGE: Pepe.

JERRY: Oh, Pepe. Yeah, Pepe. And, uh, he was making tamales.

SusaNEWMAN:Oh, he actually cooked on the stage?

GEORGE: No, no, he mimed it. That's what was so funny about it.

RUSSELL: So, what have you two come up with?

JERRY: Well, we've thought about this in a variety of ways. But the basic idea is I will play myself-

GEORGE: (Interrupting) May I?

JERRY: Go ahead.

GEORGE: I think I can sum up the show for you with one word: NOTHING.

RUSSELL: Nothing?

GEORGE: (Smiling) Nothing.

RUSSELL: (Unimpressed) What does that mean?

GEORGE: The show is about nothing.

JERRY: (To George) Well, it's not about nothing.

GEORGE: (To Jerry) No, it's about nothing.

JERRY: Well, maybe in philosophy. But, even nothing is something.

(Jerry and George glare at each other. The receptionist enters)

Receptionist: Mr. Dalrymple, your niece is on the phone.

RUSSELL: I'll call back.

(Receptionist leaves)

GEORGE:(Attempting to spell his last name) D-A-L-R-I-M-P-E-L?

RUSSELL: (Obviously dislikes George) Not even close.

GEORGE: Is it with a "y"?

RUSSELL: No.

SusaNEWMAN:What's the premise?

JERRY: ..Well, as I was saying, I would play myself, and, as a comedian, living in New York, I have a friend, a neighbor, and an ex-girlfriend, which is all true.

GEORGE: Yeah, but nothing happens on the show. You see, it's just like life. You know, you eat, you go shopping, you read.. You eat, you read, You go shopping.

RUSSELL: You read? You read on the show?

JERRY: Well, I don't know about the reading.. We didn't discuss the reading.

RUSSELL: All right, tell me, tell me about the stories. What kind of stories?

GEORGE: Oh, no. No stories.

RUSSELL: No stories? So, what is it?

GEORGE: (Showing an example) What'd you do today?

RUSSELL: I got up and came to work.

GEORGE: There's a show. That's a show.

RUSSELL: (Confused) How is that a show?

JERRY: Well, uh, maybe something happens on the way to work.

GEORGE: No, no, no. Nothing happens.

JERRY: Well, something happens.

RUSSELL: Well, why am I watching it?

GEORGE: Because it's on TV.

RUSSELL: (Threatening) Not yet.

GEORGE: Okay, uh, look, if you want to just keep on doing the same old thing, then maybe this idea is not for you. I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. And I'll tell you
something else, this is the show and we're not going to change it. (To Jerry) Right?

(A moment passes)

JERRY: (To Russell) How about this: I manage a circus..


[Monks]

JERRY: I don't even want to talk about it anymore. What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? Artistic integrity? Where, where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity. You know you really need some help. A regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you. You need to go to like Vienna or something. You know what I mean? You need to get involved at the University level. Like where Freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you. That's the kind of help you need. Not the once a week for eighty bucks. No. You need a team. A team of psychiatrists working round the clock thinking about you, having conferences, observing you, like the way they did with the Elephant Man. That's what I'm talking about because that's the only way you're going to get better.

GEORGE: . . . I thought the woman was kind of cute.

JERRY: Hold it. I really want to be clear about this. Are you talking about the woman in the meeting? Is that the woman you're talking about?

GEORGE: Yeah, I thought I might give her a call. I, I don't meet that many women. I meet like three women a year. I mean, we've been introduced. She knows my name.

JERRY: IT'S COMPLETELY INAPPROPRIATE!

GEORGE: Why? Maybe she liked me. I, I mean she was looking right at me. You know, I think she was impressed. You know, we had good eye contact the whole meeting.

JERRY: Oh, I forgot to call Kramer.

GEORGE: Wait a minute let me call Susan.

JERRY: No, no this is more important.

GEORGE: She might be leaving to work any minute.

JERRY: No, I got to warn him that I told Joe Devola about his party.

GEORGE: No.

[they race to the pay phone]

[Paris hotel room - Dr. Reston and Elaine are kissing]

ELAINE: What is it?

DR. RESTON: I was just thinking about this patient of mine.

ELAINE: What?

DR. RESTON: Just wondering if he's taking his medication.

ELAINE: Well, come on we're on vacation.

[Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: Well we were standing uh, inn the waiting area there, and you know how Devola is. He's all, ... [buzzer]

KRAMER: Yeah [to buzzer]

GEORGE: [OC] It's George.

JERRY: And so, uh I felt very uncomfortable with him and you know I just blurted out something about your party.

KRAMER: Whoa, back up a second.

JERRY: Well, I didn't know that you didn't invite him.

KRAMER: Why would you think I would invite him?

JERRY: I just a ssumed, ...

KRAMER: Assumed? Never assume anything. I don't want that nut in my house. You know he's on medication.

[George and Susan enter]

GEORGE: Hello, oh, hello. You remember, ... Susan, from N B C.

JERRY: Of course. How are you?

SUSAN: Fine, it's good to see you.

GEORGE: And this is Kramer.

SUSAN: Hello.

GEORGE: All right go ahead Susan, tell him.

JERRY: Tell me what?

SUSAN: Well, I, [phone rings]

JERRY: Uh, sorry, Excuse me one second. Hello.

TEL: Hi, would you be interested in switching over to TMI long distance service.

JERRY: Oh, gee, I can't talk right now. Why don't you give me your home number and I'll call you later.

TEL: Uh, I'm sorry we're not allowed to do that.

JERRY: Oh, I guess you don't want people calling you at home.

TEL: No.

JERRY: Well now you know how I feel. [Hangs up]

GEORGE: Well, go ahead, tell him.

JERRY: Kramer, are you drinking that milk?

KRAMER: Yeah.

JERRY: What's the expiration date on that?

KRAMER: September third.

JERRY: The third?

GEORGE: and SUSAN: The third?

KRAMER: Um, Uh, ugh, ...

SUSAN: Noooo... [Kramer throws up on Susan]

[Monk's]

GEORGE: I never should have brought her up there. Should have known better. Should have seen it coming. I didn't see it coming.

JERRY: I think SHE saw it coming.

GEORGE: You know she was behind the idea. She was going to champion the show. That's what I was bring her up there to tell you. And she liked me.

JERRY: Look just because Kramer vomited on her doesn't mean the deal is dead.

GEORGE: What, are you crazy? It's a traumatic thing to be thrown up on.

JERRY: Vommiting is not a deal breaker. If Hitler had vommited on Chamberlin, Chamberlind still would have given him Chekoslovakia.

GEORGE: Chamberlind, you could hold his head in nthe toilet, he'd still give you half of Europe.

[Kramer enters with helmet]

JERRY: What happened to you?

KRAMER: Devola came after me.

JERRY: What? Devola? See I told you this guy is crazy. I can't believe this. What happened?

KRAMER: Can I have a coffee. ... What, you know I was walking home and I had to pick up my helmet from the shop, you know. I gota new strap. And I had it on you know, and I was checking the strap out to make sure it fit. Then suddenly I feel this kick hit me on the side of the head. It knocks me down, I look up and it's Crazy Joe Devola. And he say's, "That's what I thin k of your party."

JERRY: Boy,that is some kick.

KRAMER: Well, yeah, Newman's helmet, it saved my life. Look at that.

JERRY: Wow, Newman's helmet.

GEORGE: Holly.

KRAMER: I got bad news for you buddy. Devola says you're next.

JERRY: Me, why?

KRAMER: He doesn't like you.

JERRY: What does he want from me? I didn't do anything. See this is all Elaine's fault. She took off to Europe with his psychiatrist. He probably can't get his medication. Now I got some nut after me.

KRAMER: Pass the cream.

GEORGE: Wait a second. [smells it]. all right.

[End]


[Jerry's apartment]

(Enter Kramer with one pant leg on)

Jerry (going through couch cushions): Where the hell did I put this?

Kramer: What are you looking for?

Jerry: The remote, the remote, I can't find the remote. Did I lost, I lost it. Did you take it? Did you put it some place?

Kramer: No, no, no.

(Jerry notices Kramer's look)

Jerry: All right, what is this?

Kramer (clueless): what is what?

Jerry: All right, very funny. I get it.

Kramer: You're in a weird mood.

Jerry: Come on. Go back to your apartment and fix it.

Kramer: Fix what?

Jerry: Your pants!

(Kramer is startled when he realizes his looks)

Kramer: what is this? What have I got one pant leg on for?

Jerry: Don't you know? Look-look at your face! You only shaved the right side of your face! What is this? A joke?

Kramer: No, t's a joke.. a joke... a joke... you think this is funny?

Jerry: Go look at your face in the mirror.

Kramer: Wha-huh-wha-huh...

[door buzzer]

Jerry (pressing intercom): yeah?

George (on intercom): It's George.

Jerry: Come on up.

Kramer: I don't believe this.

Jerry: You mean, you didn't know you were doing any of these things?

Kramer: No, I swear.

Jerry: I bet this is from that kick from that crazy Joe Davola. You better see a doctor and get some X-rays.

[Enter George]

George (to Kramer): Ah! You're just the man I'm looking for.

Kramer: Me?

(George hands Kramer a paper)

George: Yeah, here you go.

Kramer: What's this?

George: A dry-cleaning bill?

Jerry: From that woman at NBC?

George: Yeah.

Kramer: A dry-cleaning bill for what?

George: For vomiting on her vest!

Kramer: Oh, come on George! I didn't do that on purpose!

George: Well, I shouldn't have to pay for it!

Kramer: Well, neither should I! Jerry's the one who left the milk in the refrigerator.

George (to Jerry): Yeah, your milk.

Jerry (pointing Kramer): He drank it.

Kramer: I didn't know.

Jerry: All right, well, we should all chip in I guess.

Kramer: Yeah.

Jerry: How much was it to clean the vest?

George: Eighteen dollars.

Jerry: Can you get vomit out of suede?

George: I don't know.

Kramer: Yo-yo Ma!

Jerry: What? Yo-yo Ma?

Kramer: What about him?

Jerry: You just said 'Yo-yo Ma'.

George: What's Yo-yo Ma?

Jerry: He's a cellist. (to Kramer) You should see a doctor today.

George: All right, come on, come on, let's go. Six dollars.

Jerry: I can't believe she sent you that dry-cleaning bill.

George: I know!

Jerry: That doesn't really bode well for the show, does it?

George: The show! Forget about the show! We should take the idea to a different network

Jerry: Oh, yeah. Right. Like anybody's ever gonna do this! How did you get me to go along with that? A show about nothing!

George: It was a good idea. Susan liked it. Now, if he hadn't vomitted all over her, we'd be writing it right now.

Kramer: Jeez!

George: Anyway.

[Phone rings, Kramer picks up. Answers in Italian.]

Jerry (interrupts): What are you doing? What's wrong with you? What're you doing? Give me that phone! Go to your apartment and lie down, I'll make an appointment for a doctor today.

(on the phone) Hello? Oh hi! I'm sorry. No, that's my next door neighbor. He's not quite himself. He got kicked in the head. What? Really? You're kidding! Today? Yeah! Sure! We could make it. Two o'clock? Yeah, we would do that. Okay. Great! Thanks a million! Okay, bye.

George: What?

Jerry: NBC! They wanna have another meeting about the idea.

George: They wanna have another meeting? They wanna buy it?! They wanna but it?! Oh! I tell you! We're gonna be rich!! What are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?

Jerry: I don't know about sixty.

George: Oh, it's gotta be fifty! Hee hee! You know how much Ted Danson makes, huh?

Jerry: Ted Danson! Now, how are you comparing us to Ted Danson?

George: I didn't say 'We're Ted Danson.'

Jerry: Yes, you did. You said 'We're Ted Danson'!

George: Oh!

Jerry: You know, I think he wears a piece.

George: Yeah, don't worry. He can afford it.

 

[Street]

Jerry: I'm ten minutes slow again! That's it for this piece of junk! I've had it.

[He throws his watch in the trash can beside him]

George: What, is that the one your parents gave you?

Jerry: Yeah! But it never works. You know we're supposed to be there by two o'clock. We should take a cab.

George: All right, we'll be a little late, I,m not taking a cab.

Jerry: I'll pay for it.

George: It's not the money!

Jerry: Well, what is it you object to? The comfort? The Speed? The convenience?

[Both raise their arm to signal a cab.]

Leo: Jerry!

Jerry: Uncle Leo!

Leo: Helloooo!

Jerry: Hello there, how're you doing?

Leo: Ha ha! How are you?

Jerry: Good, good.

Leo: How's your mom and dad?

Jerry: Good, fine.

Leo: What are you getting to be too much of a big shot now to give me a call? I don't hear from you anymore!

Jerry: Oh, no. I've been kinda busy. It's all.

Leo: You know where I just came from?

[He grabs Jerry's forearm.]

Danny Barma.

Jerry (not enthousiastic at all): Oh, sure. Danny.

Leo: He used to be in the pajama business. I used to be able to get pajamas for free. I used to come over and get pajamas all the time!

[Leo shakes Jerry around using his grip on Jerry's arm.]

Jerry: Oh, yeah, yeah. I remember.

[George gets impatient, touches his watch subtly, maybe subconsciously.]

Leo: The funny thing is: I can't wear 'em. I get too hot. I sleep in my underwear and a t-shirt. If it gets too hot, I just get the t-shirt off! Anyway, Danny says to me: 'You need any pajamas?'

Jerry (interrupts): I-I'm sorry Uncle Leo, I really gotta get going.

Leo: Oh. Well. You gotta get going, so go.

Jerry: We, we got a big meeting with the president of NBC.

Leo: Nobody got a gun to your head!

Jerry (seems sincere): Yeah, I'm really sorry, uh.

Leo: Go. Really. I understand. You got an appointment, go to your appointment.

Jerry: I'm sorry, really.

Leo: You know, I know plenty of people in Hollywood too!

Jerry: Sorry, really.

[Leo turns around and leaves. He passes by the trash can and sees the watch. He picks it up, takes it to his ear, laughs and puts it on. He walks away.]

 

[Hall out of Kramer's apartment]

[Newman knocks on Kramer's door]

Kramer (from inside): Yeah?

Newman: Come on, are you ready? Let's go!

[Straightens his tie]

[Kramer opens the door. He has shaving cream on his face.]

Kramer: For what?

Newman: What's the matter with you? I just talked to you fifteen minutes ago.

Kramer: what about?

Newman: The courthouse. You gotta go with me to the courthouse. I'm contesting a ticket today.

Kramer: I can't, I'm going to the doctor's later.

Newman: You gotta go with me. I mean, you-you're my alibi. You have to take the stand.

Kramer: Well, I can't!

Newman: Well, let me remind you of something. You wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me and my helmet. I saved your life! You would be dead! Dead! You would cease to exist! You would be gone for the rest of eternity! You wouldn't even begin to comprehend what that means!!

Kramer: Shut up! I'll get my coat!

[Newman enters Kramer's apartment]

Don't step on anything.

 

[NBC's waiting room]

Jerry: You see the look on my uncle's face? Did you see how insulted he was? What could I do? Waht are we supposed to do? You can't leave. There's no excuse good enough to justify walking away from a conversation with one of my relatives.

George: I didn't shave this morning. I don't feel like myself.

Jerry: You could be a fireman on a fire truck on the way to a fire. You bump into one of my relatives. 'I'm sorry Uncle Leo, there's a building full of people burning down. I really do have to be running.' He'll go: 'Go. Go ahead. Go to your fancy fire. If that's what you have to do.'

George: Look at this.

Jerry: Why didn't you shave this morning?

George: 'Cause I shaved yesterday in the afternoon.

Jerry: Why?

George: Because of the day before. It's a long story.

[Jerry looks down the hall.]

Can't get back on schedule.

Jerry: Is that Joe Davola?

[Jerry crouches in his seat]

George: It's not him!

Jerry: I can't live tlike this. I'm being stalked.

Receptionist: Mister Seinfeld? They're ready for you.

Jerry: Oh.

[They get up]

George: Mister Seinfeld? What about Mister Costanza? I'm not here?

[They walk toward the office]

Jerry: All right. Look. Now, you promised you're gonna be a little more flexible on the nothing idea, okay? Jsut a little.

George: Okay. A little.

 

[Courthouse waiting room]

Newman: Okay, you're all set? You got your story?

Kramer: No.

Newman: When the cop stopped me, I told him that I was rushing home because my friend was about to commit suicide.

Kramer: Uhm...

Newman: Now, you're that firend. Now, all we need is a reason why you were going to commit suicide.

[Pause; they're thinking]

Kramer: I never had an air conditioner.

Newman: No! That's no reason to kill yourself!

Kramer: Why? It gets hot at night, you can't sleep. You ever tried to sleep in a really hot room?

Newman: Every night I sleep in a really hot room, I don't want to kill myself.

Kramer: Well, I slept in really hot rooms and I wanted to kill myself.

Newman: No, no, no. That's not gonna work. Something else.

Kramer: I was never able to become a banker.

[Newman has a revelation.]

Newman: Banker! So you're killing yourself because your dreams of becoming a banker have gone unfulfilled. You-you-you-you can't live without being a banker.

Kramer: Yeah, yeah. If I can't be banker, I don't wanna live.

Newman: You must be banker.

Kramer: MUST be banker.

Newman (satisfied): Okay, we'll go with the banker story.

 

[NBC office] (I might be missing a line here, I suck at cutting the commercials. If so, please complete.)

George: The story is the foundation of all entertainment. You must have a good story otherwise it's just masturbation.

[George is the only one laughing]

Russel: And people really have to care about the characters.

George: Care? Forget about care. Love. They have to love the characters. Otherwise, why would they keep tuning in?

Jerry: Wouldn't tune in.

George: Would they tune in?

Jerry: No tune.

Russel: We like to look at the show as if it were in EKG. You have your highs and your lows and it goes up and down.

George: The show will be like a heart attack!

Jerry: Just a huge massive coronary.

Russel: So what you said last week about no story, you're a little flexible on that now.

George: Is-is that what I said 'no story'? Because Jerry had to tell me later.

Jerry: He couldn't believe it.

George (Laughs, snorts): I said, I said: 'Get outta here! No story? Is that what I said?'

[Jerry and George laugh]

 

[Courtroom]

Police officer: Well, I informed him that he was exceeding the speed limit and uh, that's when he told me that he was racing home because his friend was about to commit suicide.

Judge: And then what happened?

Police officer: Well, then he became very loud and hysterical. He was flailing his arms about as he told the story and then he threw himself on the ground and he grabbed me around the legs and then he begged me to let him go. And when I refused, that's when he began to scream: 'My friend's going to die, my friend's going to die.'

 

[NBC office]

Russel: Look. I don't know how you two guys feel but we would really like to be in business with you.

[George starts, Jerry starts later, both speak at the same time, nonstop]

George: Well, we would like to be in business. Let's do business. We'll have some business. Let's have business.

Jerry: We would love to be in business. We'll do business. We're in business. It's... it's business. This is business.

George: Yeah!

Stu: Would it be possible to get a-a-a copy of 'La Cocina'?

[Pause. George and Jerry are puzzled.]

[Jerry gets it, pokes George.]

Jerry: Your off-Broadway play.

George: Oh, oh. Uh, you know. It's the damndest thing. I, uh, I moved recently and my files, pfff, disappeared. Now, I-I don't know if they fell off the truck or if there was some sort of foul play but let me tell you something. I'm not through with that moving company.

Jerry (backs his story): Hmm, hmm.

George: That's my vow to you.

Russel: Well, I got a feeling about you two. And even more than that. I place a great deal of confidence in that lady's judgment.

[the lady is Susan]

[George and Jerry both speak at the same time, nonstop]

George: Oh! That's good judgment. That's a pile of judgment there. Sure.

Jerry: Oh! Taht's judgment. Yes, yes. Judgment with earrings on. Yeah.

Russel (gets up): So, let's make a pilot.

[Hand shakes]

 

[Courtroom]

Newman: I had gone up to Westchester. I go there every Tuesday. I do charity for the blind in my spare time for the Lighthouse. I was in the middle of a game of Parcheesi with an old blind man and I excused myself to call my friend as he was very depressed lately because he never became a banker.

Judge: I don't understand.

Newman: You see, it'd been his lifelong dream to be a banker and he uh, just the day before he was turned down by another bank. I believe it was the Manufacturer's Hanover on Lexington and 40th Street. That was the third bank to turn him down so I was-I was a little concerned. I wanted to see how he was doing. Well, Your Honor, he was barely audible. But I distinctly recall him say...

Kramer (interupts involuntarily): Yo-yo Ma!

Newman: So I sped home to save my friend's life and I was stopped for speeding. Yes, I admit I was speeding but it was to save a man's life. A close friend. An innocent person who wanted nothing more out of life than to love, to be loved and to be a banker.

Judge: So then he didn't kill himself.

Newman: No sir. He did not. But only by thge grace of God. He's in the courtroom today

[Stands up, points to Kramer.]

(dramatically) sitting right over there! And he can corroborate my entire testimony.

 

[NBC's waiting room]

[Jerry and George are coming out of the office]

George: See?

Jerry: Yeah!

George: I told you, I told you! Ha ha ha! Ooh ooh!

Jerry: Now, all we gotta do is write it.

George: Yes! How're we gonna do that?

[Enter Susan]

Susan: Hey! Congratulations!

Jerry: Thanks.

George: Oh, thank you.

Jerry: Thank you, thanks.

George: Thanks. Gee, you know, I thought you were mad at me.

Susan: No.

Receptionist: Mister Seinfeld, you have a phone call.

Jerry: Phone call? Who knows I'm here?

[He picks up the phone]

Hello? Mom? How'd you know I was here? Oh, I was not rude to him, that is baloney! I couldn't talk! I couldn't talk! I had a meeting! I don't know... he-he went off on something about pajamas!

George: When you sent me the-the bill for the dry-cleaning. I thought the show didn't have a chance.

Susan: Oh, it was only vomit.

George: Anyway, I-I would like to-to pay for the cleaning.

Susan: Oh no-no, it's okay. *comment from transcriber: yeah, she doesn't want to be paid, didn't she send the bill?*

George: No-no-no, we all chipped in. We have the money.

Susan: Well, it was eighteen dollars.

George: Okay, uh, eighteen dollars, and there it is. There you go. So maybe we could get together this weekend.

Susan: Yeah. Call me.

George: All right, great.

Susan: Bye.

Jerry: Bye thanks.

George (chuckles): Bye, thanks. (To Jerry, when Susan is far) I can't believe she took the money.

Jerry: Why?

George: I offered to pay. She should've said no.

Jerry: She did, you insisted.

George: Maybe this is what the pilot should be about, vomiting on somebody's vest.

Jerry: Nah!

George: How much are we gonna get for this? Fifty, sixty thousand?

Jerry: oh, I d-I don't know. I d---

George: Oh, gotta get fifty. Gotta get fifty. All right, I tell you what. We go to the coffee shop, you call your manager. Maybe they made an offer.

Jerry: Okay.

George (excited, pushing Jerry forward): All right, let's go, let's go, let's go, come on.

 

[Coffee shop]

George: Thirteen thousand?

Jerry: Thirteen thousand.

George: a piece?

Jerry: No, for both!

George: That's insulting! Ted Danson makes eight hundred thousand dollars an episode.

Jerry: Oh, would you stop with the Ted Danson?

George: Well, he does.

Jerry: You're nuts!

George: I'm sorry. I can't live knowing Ted Danson makes that much more than me. Who is he?

Jerry: He's somebody.

George: What about me?

Jerry: You're nobody.

George: Why him? Why not me?

Jerry: He's good, you're not.

George: I'm better than him.

Jerry: You're worse, much much worse. (crouches in booth) That's Davola!

George (crouches too): What? Where? Where?

Jerry: Outside! I saw him outside!

 

[Europe] *I think.*

[Elaine is kissing with a guy. He stops. She keeps kissing him, then stops.]

Elaine: what is it?

Boyfriend: Oh, it's this patient.

Elaine (sighing): Again?

Boyfriend: I'm fairly certain. I forgot to leave him an extra prescription for his medication.

Elaine: Well, so, he can live without his Valium for a couple of days.

Boyfriend: Nah, you don't understand. He could be dangerous.

[Elaine turns around, rolls her eyes.]

 

[Coffee shop]

Jerry: Go outside and see if he's still there.

George: I can't go out there, he knows we're friends.

Jerry: Well, what are we supposed to do? I gotta take Kramer to the doctor.

[A cop sits down at the counter.]

George: Tell the cop.

Jerry: Good idea.

[Walks to counter]

Excuse me officer. There's a guy outside and he's kind of a nut job and I think he's waiting to beat me up. If you could just walk me outside and wait till I get into a cab.

Cop: Yeah, all right. Just let me get a muffin.

Jerry: Thanks.

Jerry waits a while and realizes he has to go sit back with George and wait over there.]

Jerry (back in booth): He's gonna get a muffin and then he'll walk us outside. This is a great way to go through life.

[Looks over at the cop]

Hey! He's looking at the menu now. What's he looking at the menu for?!

George: I thought you said he was gonna get a muffin.

[Jerry gets up and walks to the counter]

Jerry (bossy): What are you doing?

Cop: What?

Jerry: What, are you ordering food now?

Cop: Yeah! Yeah, I decided to get a sandwich.

Jerry: What happened to the muffin?

Cop: I got a little hungry.

Jerry: All of a sudden you get hungry?

Cop: Yeah! You got a problem with that?

Jerry: No! Enjoy your lunch.

[Goes back toward the booth and stops.]

You know a muffin can be very filling.

[Keeps walking to the booth]

(to George): He's getting a sandwich now!

George: I thought he was just gonna have a muffin.

Jerry: All of a sudden he gets hungry.

George: You know, a muffin can be very filling.

Jerry: I know!

 

[Courtroom]

Newman (interrogating Kramer]: Mister Kramer, you heard the testimony so far. Would you please tell the court in your own words what happened on the afternoon of September 10th?

Kramer: What do you mean 'my own words'? Whose words are they gonna be?

Newman: You know what I mean.

Kramer (to Judge): I was very upset that day.

Newman: And why was that?

Kramer (to Newman): Would you let me say it? Let me talk!

Newman: All right, all right. Go ahead, go ahead.

Kramer: All right.

Newman: Okay.

Kramer (to Judge): I was very upset that day because I could never become a banker.

Newman: And that failure to become a banker was eating at you. Eating-eating-eating at you inside.

Kramer (not convincing): Uh, yeah.

Newman: It was your family that pushed you into banking , it was their dream for you...

Judge: Mister Newman.

Newman: Your Honor, I'm only trying to establish Mister Kramer's fragile emotional state, my entire case depends on it.

Judge: Uh, continue.

Newman: As you were saying, Mister Kramer...

Kramer: What was the question?

Newman: You're telling how your parents pushed you into banking.

Kramer: Uh, well, my father when I was a kid, he took me to the bank and he lifted me up and he pointed to the teller and he said: 'Sonny boy, take a good look at him, that's gonna be you some day.'

Newman: But you never became a banker, did you Mister Kramer? Why? Why did you fail?

Kramer: I don't know.

Newman: It was because you hated your father and you would do anything to displease him. Isn't THAT true?

Judge: Uh, could you get to the speeding?

Newman: Yuh, yes. I intend to Your Honor. And then, on the afternoon of September 10th, you received a phone call did you not?

Kramer (puzzled): Phone call?

Newman: Yes, a phone call!

Kramer: From who?

Newman: From me!

Kramer: From you?

Newman: Yes, from me!! I called you remember?

Kramer: You called me?

Newman: Yes, I called you, you idiot! Because you were going to... You were going to... Remember?

Kramer: what?

Newman: You were going to...

[Mimmicks hanging himself, growing hysterical as only Newman can]

You were going to do something

[Mimmicks stabbing himself in stomach and jerking the knife around] to yourself! You were going to do something to yourself! Remember the banking? The banking, about the banking, about the banking!!!

Judge: I'm afraid I'm gonna have to call a---

Newman: Yes, the banker!!!

Kramer: What banking?

Newman: A banker! A banker! Your Honor, Your Honor, Your Honor...

Judge: That's enough already.

Newman: Your Honor, Mister Kramer's obviously very distraught.

Kramer: I'm distraught!?! Wooh-wooh-hoo!

Newman (to Kramer): You shut up!

(to judge): I demand a recess so I can take him outside and help him regain hius composure.

Judge: That'll be seventy-five dollars.

Newman (Strangling Kramer): What's the matter with you? We had it all worked out!

[They fall on their backs. Kramer knocks the flag on judge.]

 

[Coffee shop] (Missing another line here as well. Told you, I sucked at cutting the commercials, didn't I? Please complete again. *between asterisks are only guesses. Correct if not accurate.)

*Jerry: Do you see him?

George: I'm not* sure.

Jerry: Well, either you see him or you don't.

George: All right. I don't.

Jerry (looking at the cop): What is he doing? Is he getting coffee? I think he's getting coffee.!

George: What's with this guy?

[Jerry walks to the counter]

Jerry (still bossy): Did you just order coffee?

Cop: Yeah.

Jerry: This is really too much.

Cop: What is your problem?

Jerry: Well, I'm sitting over there waiting for you to finish your sandwich for twenty minutes. Now you're drinking coffee, that's gonna be another ten minutes.

Cop: Well, you're just gonna have to wait.

[Enter Kramer and Newman]

Kramer: Never said anything about the banking.

Newman: You're off your rocker.

Jerry: Hey you guys!

Kramer: Hey!

Jerry: What are you doing here?

Kramer: What are YOU doing here?

Jerry: Hey, is Davola outside?

Kramer: Davola?

Jerry: Yeah.

Kramer: No, I didn't see him.

Newman: Crazy Joe Davola?

George (reading the tabs): Jerry, yours is eleven dollars.

Jerry: Eleven dollars for what?

George: Muffin, sandwich and coffee!

Jerry (to Kramer): Hey, NBC okayed our idea. We're gonna make the pilot.

Kramer: You're gonna do the circus freak show, uh?

Jerry: No.

Newman: Pilot? So what do you make for something like that? Fifty? Sixty thousand?

George: What's the difference? The money is not important.

Jerry (looking outside): Hey Newman, is that your red car?

Newman: Yeah.

Jerry: I think you're getting a ticket.

Newman: Deh!

Kramer: Run, run! Go, go, go!

[Newman runs outside]

Newman: Hey! What are you doing? It's after six o'clock! You can't give me a ticket! Hey, you're not gonna get away with this. I'll fight this. I got witnesses.

Kramer: I saw the whole thing!

Jerry: Maybe this whole thing would be a good idea for the pilot.

George: Ah, get outta here. The vomiting is much funnier.

Jerry: Oh, like you know what you're talking about!

George: No, YOU do!

End.

